Source URL: https://magicfuse.co/blog/salesforce-consulting-rates-around-the-globe
Title: How Salesforce Consulting Rates Are Different Around The Globe: Value vs. Price
Fetched at (unix): 1777287426

150.000 customers have selected Salesforce to run their business. 71% of Salesforce customers actively utilise AppExchange apps. They need to customise their CRM according to their business requirements, integrate new software, or improve what they already have. It requires specific knowledge and strengths. Thus, the demand for Salesforce managed services consulting is increasing.

What about Salesforce consulting rates? They’re different depending on the consultant’s level, location and accumulated experience. The article presents information about Salesforce managed consulting experts and their grades worldwide. Moreover, you’ll get to know about different levels of Salesforce partners and what factors influence the consultant’s rates.

Salesforce Consulting Experts and Their Rates

To manage your customer ecosystem and react quickly to emergent issues aren’t easy tasks. Salesforce CRM software is a useful tool for focusing your attention on customer relationships and supervising all customer-related processes. According to the statistics, Salesforce implementation companies satisfy their customers 35% more.

But at the same time, the Salesforce platform offers a wide range of features and functionality that you should figure out to boost your business correctly. That is where a Salesforce consulting expert comes to the rescue.

Hiring a Salesforce consultant, you take advantage either way. Salesforce consultant’s main tasks are:

to help you to configure your CRM platform according to your business objectives;
to determine the most suitable Salesforce apps and third-party tools;
to adjust business processes in Salesforce Sales, Services, and Marketing Clouds.

Mason Frank’s Annual Salary Survey Report shows consulting specialists’ rates across the worldwide Salesforce community. You can see the results of the survey below:

Salesforce rates in the United States

By US City

Salesforce rates in Canada

Salesforce rates in the United Kingdom

Salesforce rates in Germany

Salesforce rates in France

Salesforce rates in Benelux

Salesforce rates in Italy

Salesforce rates in Australia

Salesforce rates in Japan

Salesforce rates in Singapore

Different Levels of Salesforce Consulting Partners

Depending on whether it’s a consultant or consulting company, the target market, etc., the rates vary. AppExchange marketplace offers a list of certified consulting specialists who can tackle your integration or implementation. Each Salesforce consulting and implementation partner company is tired at one of the registered levels, such as:

Registered – these are the experts who usually implement Salesforce managed services for businesses that need a more basic configuration. They have to be registered in the Salesforce Consulting Partner Program and have a minimum of two certifications. Moreover, they have to have a 0-249 Consulting Partner Trailblazer Score.
Silver – typically, they cooperate with emerging small businesses (EMBs) and small-medium-sized businesses (SMBs). To have a silver partner level, they have to reach a 250-499 Score.
Gold – they are generally mid-sized Salesforce consultants with 500-749 Score. They create more ACV for Salesforce and are attractive for SMBs and middle-market clients.
Platinum – they usually deliver Salesforce managed services to larger middle-market companies and enterprises. Platinum partners own a well operational structure and professional staff. They have a 750-100 Score and a perfect reputation.
Global Strategic – they are the “big guys”. They deal with more complex, larger business transforming Salesforce solutions. They’re recognised as top consulting partners.

The level is determined by a Partner Value Score (PVS). It is based on three main categories: expertise (based on the number of certifications), ACV (bookings), and customer success (based on the amount of satisfaction surveys). The company’s level depends on the individual rates of each consultant in it.

What Influences Salesforce Consulting Rates?

Salesforce consultant’s rates can vary based on some factors, such as:

The place where a consulting expert locates – as you can see above in the tabs, the rates vary based on location. It depends on the cost of living, the density of the talent market, etc. For instance, a local consultant who works in a Salesforce custom development based in the UK is more expensive than a remote consulting expert in Eastern Europe. In turn, a Salesforce freelance consultant is cheaper than a full-time staff member. But a full-time consulting expert can work on a constant basis and gets into the project more thoroughly.
A consultant’s skills and experience – it’s essential to consider that, for example, the Salesforce individual consultant’s rates will be different from the Salesforce contractor. There are three main levels of seniority, such as:

Junior – they take a supporting role. They do tasks delegated by a manager. Junior consulting experts usually have some experience with software applications and project work. They have basic knowledge of CRM solutions and Cloud technologies.

Middle – they have a minimum two-year experience in implementing Salesforce solutions and work on small projects. They are specialists in analysis, modeling and documentation business processes and have a comprehensive knowledge of the Salesforce platform.

Senior – they deal with complex projects including customisation and integration. Senior experts are responsible for identifying business requirements and creating necessary documents. Moreover, they analyse Salesforce CMR and provide recommendations for enhancing the system. They’re highly skilled with Salesforce technology and related products.

Salesforce certifications also influence the expert’s rates. The documents show what knowledge and skills an expert has. The more certificates a consultant has, the more expensive his or her rate is. The specialist can have some certifications from different areas of knowledge. Among varied Salesforce certifications, there is the Sales Cloud Consultant one. It’s designed especially for Salesforce consultants who work with the full project lifecycle of Sales Cloud implementation.
An expert’s specification – among Salesforce consultants there are generalists (they have extensive cross-platform knowledge) and specialists (they focus on one aspect of Salesforce software using their deep expertise of the Salesforce).
Conclusion

Hiring a good Salesforce consultant specialist is an excellent solution if you want to design your Salesforce platform according to your business needs and improve customer service. By considering the provided information, you’ll be able to make cost-effective decisions and invest in a consulting expert in the best way.

FAQ
What is Salesforce Consulting Rates?

Salesforce Consulting Rates refer to the fees charged by Salesforce consulting firms or individual Salesforce consultants for their services. These rates are based on factors such as the consultant's experience, location, the scope and complexity of the project, and the client's budget.

What are the different types of Salesforce consultants?

There are several types of Salesforce consultants, including:

Implementation Consultants set up and configure Salesforce according to their specific needs and requirements.

Development Consultants specialize in customizing and developing applications on the Salesforce platform.

Integration Consultants focus on integrating Salesforce with other third-party systems, such as ERP or marketing automation platforms.

Strategic Consultants work with clients to define their Salesforce strategy and roadmap.

How much do top Salesforce consultants make?

Top Salesforce consultants can make a significant income, depending on their experience and expertise. Some of the factors that can contribute to higher salaries include advanced technical skills, industry-specific knowledge, and a track record of delivering successful Salesforce projects.

Salesforce
Last updated:
7 October 2025
By:
Volodymyr Babin

Head of Salesforce Delivery at MagicFuse, certified Salesforce Architect with 13+ years of experience
