Source URL: https://www.salesforce.com/sales/cpq/
Title: Best CPQ Solution &amp; Revenue Management Software | Salesforce
Fetched at (unix): 1777286502

Best CPQ Solution & Revenue Management Software | Salesforce Skip to content Agentforce Revenue Management (formerly Revenue Cloud) Configure, price, & quote with an integrated CPQ solution. Sell faster and boost sales productivity with a powerful, flexible CPQ solution built on Salesforce. Generate quotes quickly and accurately from anywhere and on any channel with a familiar spreadsheet-like UI. Mitigate business risk with guided selling flows, automated approvals, and discounting rules built into the quoting process. Watch demo Humans and agents drive revenue growth together on the #1 AI CRM. Ready to reimagine your complete revenue process? Streamline the quote-to-cash process, from catalogs and pricing to CPQ, contracts, orders, and billing. Learn more Accelerate the sales cycle. Watch demo Dynamic Deal Management Close deals faster by instantly generating personalized customer quotes, leveraging unified transaction data and CRM. Create, modify, and summarize quotes with Agentforce while maintaining role-based access permissions, ensuring seamless and secure collaboration. Discounts and Approvals Equip sellers with flexible discounting negotiation levers, and drive buyer incentive with volume-based, compound, and proportional discount strategies. Protect margins with automated, cross-functional approval chains that ensure compliance and help close complex deals. Design approval processes tailored to your business by setting rules and conditions such as approval triggers, user groups, user permissions, and sequences. Asset Lifecycle Management Unlock easy management and full visibility into all products, services, and entitlements that customers own throughout the entire lifecycle. Enable asset-driven revenue, where every product sold becomes a dynamic, trackable asset natively in Salesforce. Provide sellers the flexibility to amend, renew, or cancel customer contracts at any time. Accurately report ARR, NRR, and more. Launch products and pricing fast. Unified Product Catalog and Pricing Reduce SKU proliferation and expose products across all channels with a single, attribute-based catalog. Go to market faster with a configurable pricing engine. Implement it into any business process, utilize pre-built frameworks, and easily manage all your price adjustments while maintaining full control and transparency over how prices are calculated. Product Configurator Streamline complex deals with a configurator that gives reps confidence they’re building accurate products and helps them get quotes out the door fast. Support both rules-based and constraint-based configuration to provide ultimate flexibility. Use intuitive point-and-click tools or code to tailor the configuration experience. Reusable Templates Assign product classifications that make product data uniform. Launch new products faster by using tools like the visual builder and bundle structures to create reusable templates, ensuring consistency across all selling channels and allowing you to quickly grow your product catalog. Sell from anywhere on one platform. Watch Self-Service demo Watch Field Service demo Self-Service Connect all product, pricing, and revenue operations data to fuel product-led growth on any self-service channel. Deploy and administer data for self-service channels without complex development with API-first design. Support complete interoperability with B2B Commerce Cloud for advanced configuration and subscriptions on ecommerce channels. Partner Sales Accelerate partner sales by making it easy for partners to give customers accurate quotes for products and services. Create personalized products and price books for each partner level and control discounting with automated approvals. Gain a 360 degree customer view and get channel and forecast pipeline visibility with reports and dashboards. Field Service Empower service technicians to drive growth. Generate accurate work order quotes in the field using the unified product catalog and pricing engine. Create the PDF estimate, secure customer approval, and generate the final order — all on-site — to increase aftermarket sales and deliver sustained revenue. Extend the power of your CPQ solution and revenue management software with these related products. Sales Cloud Max out efficiency with better automation, data, and intelligence. Learn more Revenue Cloud Billing Collect cash faster with a flexible billing engine that supports any charge type or payment schedule. Learn more Revenue Cloud Automate and optimize product to cash at scale. Learn more Partner Relationship Management Drive partner revenue by building personalized experiences for your partners. Learn more View all products Agentforce Revenue Management is transforming the way we do business... It's not just about efficiency. It's about unlocking more closed-won opportunities and scaling smarter. Bill Francy President of Client Services, AdMed, Inc. Get the most out of your CPQ solution and revenue management software with partner apps and experts. Accelerate revenue growth with thousands of pre-built and consultant offerings on AgentExchange. Check them out today. Join the Salesblazer Community. Looking to meet and learn from fellow sales professionals? Our Salesblazer Community is the place for you. Sign up on Slack Report Forrester Q1 Wave Report Get the report E-book How to Find the Right CPQ Solution Get the E-book Article What is CPQ? Read the article Playbook The Quote-to-Cash Playbook Download the e-book Take the next step with us Start your trial. Try Sales Cloud free for 30 days. No credit card, no installations. Try for free Talk to an expert. Tell us a bit more so the right person can reach out faster. Request a call Stay up to date. Get the latest research, industry insights, and product news delivered straight to your inbox. Sign up for newsletter Frequently asked questions Revenue Management CPQ What is revenue management? Revenue management is the process of optimizing every business activity in the quote-to-cash cycle for speed and accuracy. This includes everything from setting pricing and packaging to quote configuration, contract drafting, order fulfillment, invoicing , billing, and reporting. The most efficient revenue management processes include automation and AI that streamline time-consuming manual work. What is a revenue management platform? A revenue management platform is designed to help business manage their entire revenue lifecycle — from setting prices and purchasing channels, to tracking sales, generating quotes, and managing billing. Effective revenue management platforms streamline revenue tracking while maximizing revenue growth via the right channels and strategies. Benefits of revenue management platforms Revenue management platforms streamline order, quoting, and billing processes; allow companies to set and manage complex pricing structures; gauge customer demand; and when powered by AI and automation, handle tedious manual work and data analysis that frees sales teams and business leaders to focus on strategic work. The best platforms also ensure that data collection and analysis happens in real-time, giving leaders the information they need to maximize revenue. What are the main features of the top revenue management platforms? Revenue management platforms generally offer tools for setting and tracking prices and pricing models, managing orders and product inventory, generating quotes for deals, billing, and revenue reporting/forecasting. More advanced platforms also use AI and automation to handle repetitive, manual, or time-consuming tasks, like data analysis, that can give business leaders real-time guidance on strategic decisions. What industries use revenue management platforms? Revenue management platforms are used in any industry that tracks revenue — all of them, basically. They are particularly common in industries where physical goods and/or variable demand are the centerpiece of business. This includes manufacturing, hospitality, travel, telecom, and media. How can sales automation & AI improve revenue management? Sales automation and sales AI can improve revenue management by automating manual tasks for better efficiency. They also optimize elements of the sales, fulfillment, and billing process to ensure deal accuracy, customer satisfaction, and on-time payments. How can sales forecasting help improve revenue management? Sales forecasting helps improve revenue management by providing accurate sales projections leaders can use to adjust strategy, allocate resources, and update business plans to ensure growth. What is CPQ (Configure, Price, Quote)? CPQ is a sales tool for companies to quickly and accurately generate quotes for orders. CPQ applications often work in tandem with CRM platforms, ERP programs, and other business technology, which helps ensure integrated data and accuracy. What is the difference between CRM and CPQ? CRM stands for Customer Relationship Management, a software solution that manages every touchpoint in the sales process, from early prospecting to deal close. CPQ stands for Configure, Price, Quote. CPQ solutions help teams manage the latter part of a sales process before a contract is signed. Salesforce CPQ is one example of a CPQ solution, helping businesses automate the configuration, pricing, and quoting of products and services. What is a CPQ solution? CPQ stands for Configure, Price, Quote . A CPQ solution is a tool that helps businesses automate the configuration, pricing, and quoting of their products and services. This makes the sales process more efficient, improves compliance, and accelerates deal cycles. Learn about the benefits of cloud CPQ software . What is incentive compensation management software? Incentive compensation management software streamlines the process of designing, implementing, and managing sales commission and variable pay plans. It often includes automation and AI to reduce manual work for sales leaders, and offers reps visibility into their pay based on performance. Writers drafted these FAQs with the help of AI.
