Source URL: https://www.salesforce.com/sales/cloud/
Title: Sales Force Automation Software by Sales Cloud | Salesforce
Fetched at (unix): 1777286492

Sales Force Automation Software by Sales Cloud | Salesforce Skip to content Agentforce Sales (formerly Sales Cloud) Sales Cloud This isn't your same old sales force automation software. Agentforce Sales deploys AI agents across every stage of the deal cycle, driving 30% more revenue and freeing seller time to focus on closing deals. Watch demo Try for free Leading sales teams grow with sales force automation software. Empower your entire sales team with Sales Cloud. Free your sellers to focus on building customer trust and closing deals. AI agents act as productivity multipliers at every step of the sales cycle. Build strong customer relationships and grow revenue with a single source of truth. Activity Management Automatically capture emails, events, and other types of engagement activities directly in CRM. Manage activity data associated to the relevant leads, contacts, accounts, and opportunities in one spot, creating a single source of truth. Get visibility into selling activities at scale with out-of-the-box reporting to make it easy to focus on what matters most. Lead Management Connect with customers and track deals across every channel. Use AI to prioritize the best leads based on the customer profiles that drive the most revenue. Increase rep efficiency with actionable, prioritized to-do lists right in Salesforce. Account and Opportunity Management Move deals forward faster with specific guidance for sellers throughout the sales process. Get deal-specific insights, build account plans, and easily unify opportunity and account data for a single customer profile — whether you're working directly in your CRM, or on the go. Get visibility to stay on track and exceed targets. Forecast Management Build accurate forecasts in real time to drive predictable growth. Tailor metrics to align with business goals. Drive accountability and keep everyone on track with a shared understanding of top deals and forecast trends. Pipeline Management Maintain and manage pipeline in a single, consolidated view. Track changes over time with built-in charts. Focus on the most important deals with the help of AI and use deal insights to provide proactive coaching. Reports and Dashboards Use data to drive action with a suite of out-of-the-box reporting tools. Easily visualize metrics with dashboards and quickly drill into the key drivers of sales performance. Track lead volume, activity conversion rates, and sales pipeline with ease. Personalize reports and dashboards so every member of the sales team has the information they need to sell faster. Drive productivity with automated sales processes. Workflow and Process Automation Drive seller efficiency by automating complex sales processes and workflows with drag and drop simplicity. Manage and maintain territory assignments to optimize account coverage and align with sales goals. Quoting and Contract Approvals Close deals faster with standard and templated quotes synced to sales opportunities. Speed up the contract approval process with automated workflows directly within Salesforce. CRM Everywhere and Collaboration Access and update CRM from anywhere with the browser extension and mobile app. Collaborate across teams to quickly swarm on sales opportunities. Create mutual account plans and share knowledge, files, and data to keep teams and customer informed at every stage. Extend the power of sales force automation with these related products. Sales AI Guide sellers at every step of the sales cycle with Einstein-informed intelligence built into your CRM. Learn more Sales Analytics Drive forecast accuracy, grow pipeline, and optimize revenue with Sales Cloud and Tableau insights. Learn more Sales Engagement Accelerate sales with engagement built directly into your CRM. Learn more Sales Performance Management Unlock peak performance with automation and actionable insights at every step — from sales planning to execution. Learn more View all products Sales Cloud Pricing Find the right Sales Cloud edition for your business needs. Currency converter US Dollar (USD) Australian Dollar (AUD) British Pound (GBP) Euro (EUR) Japanese Yen (JPY) Swedish Krona (SEK) Starter Suite The smart CRM suite with even more sales, service, marketing – plus commerce. $ 25 USD/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) $ 25 USD/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) 25 € EUR/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) AU$ 35 AUD/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) 3,000 円 JPY/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) 250 kr SEK/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) £ 20 GBP/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) Lead, Account, Contact, and Opportunity Management Built-in Sales Flows and Lead Routing AI Automatically Syncs Emails, Events, and Contacts Dynamic Email Marketing and Analytics Try for free Pro Suite The flexible CRM suite with more automation and customization across sales, service, marketing, and commerce. $ 100 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) $ 100 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) 100 € EUR/User/Month (Billed annually) AU$ 140 AUD/User/Month (Billed annually) 12,000 円 JPY/User/Month (Billed annually) 1,000 kr SEK/User/Month (Billed annually) £ 80 GBP/User/Month (Billed annually) Everything in Starter Plus Greater Customization and Automation Sales Quoting and Forecasting Access to AppExchange Premier Support (add-on) Try for free Enterprise The CRM for sales with more flexibility and web API. $ 175 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) $ 175 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) 175 € EUR/User/Month (Billed annually) AU$ 245 AUD/User/Month (Billed annually) 21,000 円 JPY/User/Month (Billed annually) 1,750 kr SEK/User/Month (Billed annually) £ 140 GBP/User/Month (Billed annually) Everything in Pro Suite plus Advanced Pipeline Management & Deal Insights Conversation Intelligence Agentforce Try for free Unlimited The CRM for sales with intelligent automation and developer support built in. $ 350 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) $ 350 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) 350 € EUR/User/Month (Billed annually) AU$ 490 AUD/User/Month (Billed annually) 42,000 円 JPY/User/Month (Billed annually) 3,500 kr SEK/User/Month (Billed annually) £ 280 GBP/User/Month (Billed annually) Everything in Enterprise plus Predictive AI Conversation Intelligence and Sales Engagement Premier Success Plan and Full Sandbox Try for free Agentforce 1 Sales The complete Sales CRM with built-in AI and unified data. One platform that does it all. $ 550 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) $ 550 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) 550 € EUR/User/Month (Billed annually) AU$ 770 AUD/User/Month (Billed annually) 66,000 円 JPY/User/Month (Billed annually) 5,500 kr SEK/User/Month (Billed annually) £ 440 GBP/User/Month (Billed annually) Everything in Unlimited, plus our full suite of AI Unmetered Agentforce usage for employees Salesforce Spiff, Sales Planning, Sales Programs, Salesforce Maps, Tableau Next, and Slack Enterprise+ 1M Flex Credits & 2.5M Data Cloud Credits per org per year Contact us This page is provided for information purposes only and subject to change. Contact a sales representative for detailed pricing information. View detailed pricing Agentforce can work 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and always at the same level of quality. That is the magic. Agentforce can be there all the time for our customers. Ralf Spanheimer Head of Sales Foundation within Smart Infrastructure, Siemens Read the story Get the most out of sales force automation software with partner apps and experts. Accelerate revenue growth with thousands of prebuilt and consultant offerings on AgentExchange . Join the Salesblazer Community. Looking to meet and learn from fellow sales professionals? Our Salesblazer Community is the place for you. Sign up on Slack Become a Salesblazer with free, guided learning on Trailhead. Discover what's new in sales force automation software. Video Sales Keynote: Your Path to Growth is Humans and Agents Drive unmatched growth with a reinvented sales process. Bring intelligent agents and human reps together at every step to unlock your team’s full potential. Watch now Article October '25 Release: Salesforce's Latest Innovations for Sales Teams Learn about the latest product releases for sales and revenue teams. This update features AI-powered tools for lead engagement, pipeline management, and sales planning. Read more Analyst Report 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Sales Force Automation Platforms. See why we’re a Leader for Sales Force Automation in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for the 19th year in a row. Get the report Report Explore the latest trends in “State of Sales” Get the inside scoop on how sellers are driving growth in 2026, from AI agent use cases to revenue strategies. Get the report See all resources Take the next step with us. Start your trial. Try Sales Cloud free for 30 days. No credit card, no installations. Try for free Talk to an expert. Tell us a bit more so the right person can reach out faster. Request a call Stay up to date. Get the latest research, industry insights, and product news delivered straight to your inbox. Sign up for newsletter Sales Force Automation FAQs Sales Cloud Sales Force Automation What is Sales Cloud? Sales Cloud’s sales force automation software helps companies sell smarter, faster, and more efficiently by providing everything your sales teams need on one integrated platform. What are the benefits of sales force automation by Sales Cloud? Sales Cloud offers a complete sales tech suite where AI and automation are built in and designed to scale easily as you grow. The benefits of sales force automation include: Improved productivity: Automate routine tasks so sales teams can focus on closing deals. Better lead management: Capture, track, and prioritize leads for higher conversion rates. Enhanced customer tracking: Provide detailed customer profiles for personalized service. More accurate sales forecasting: Analyze data for better predictions and decision-making. Increased efficiency: Centralize data and automate workflows for faster deal closures. Improved collaboration: Enable faster communication among team members. Data-driven insights: Make more strategic decisions using real-time data and analytics. Scalability: Handle growing data and complex processes as your business expands. These benefits help sales teams perform better and drive business growth. How do I get started implementing Sales Cloud? To get started implementing Sales Cloud, first sign up for a free Salesforce trial account . Once you are ready, choose a pricing plan that suits your needs and configure the platform to meet your business requirements. You can also get help from Salesforce consultants or partners on our AgentExchange to help with a successful implementation. What is sales force automation? Sales force automation is a system that streamlines and enhances sales processes , including lead management , customer tracking, and sales forecasting , to boost efficiency and performance. How does sales force automation work? Sales force automation works by updating data based on set activity triggers within a CRM. AI can be used to speed this up, identifying and updating data based on triggers that aren't set manually and generating appropriate content for output like emails and proposals. By using predictive AI with sales force automation, your system can analyze any data you give it access to and help surface the most likely leads and best actions to take. What is sales force automation (SFA) software? Sales force automation software (SFA) is a key productivity driver for sales teams. It automates repetitive, time-consuming manual tasks that reps, SDRs, or, BDRs would otherwise handle. This includes things like deal record updates, reporting, and pipeline tracking. This gives sellers time back to focus on more strategy and high-impact activities like prospect or customer engagement. What are the main benefits of using SFA software? The primary benefit of SFA software is increased productivity. It allows sales teams to focus on high-impact activity, moving more deals forward. There are other benefits, too: automated data maintenance removes the change of human error, while real-time updates to pipelines, reports, and forecasts mean both reps and leaders have the most up-to-date information to make critical business decisions quickly. What are some common features of SFA software? Common features of SFA software include contact management, lead tracking, reporting/forecasting, automatic record updates, automated email sends, scheduling, and more. More advanced SFA software includes AI agents which can function autonomously, engaging inbound leads, generating quotes based on a deal's stage in the sales process, and processing orders, among other tasks. How does SFA software improve sales team productivity? The automation of SFA is what really drives productivity: updating deal records, scheduling meetings, sending emails, generating reports. There are a number of automated functions that SFA software can include, but all of it should be designed to free up sellers to focus on working more with customers, cementing relationships, and closing deals. How does sales force automation software handle customer data? One of the key benefits of SFA software is the centralization of data. If properly designed, all data related to automated and rep-initiated activity is stored securely in a single database. This gives the entire team visibility into the status of deals in flight, while also making it possible to create accurate, real-time reports on sales performance for leaders. This data can also be used to fuel autonomous AI agents, which can be built to handle time-consuming tasks using a combination of instructions, training, and advanced reasoning. Writers drafted these FAQs with the help of AI.
