Source URL: https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/how-it-works/
Title: How Does Agentforce Work? | Salesforce
Fetched at (unix): 1777286471

How Does Agentforce Work? | Salesforce Skip to content Products Back Products All Products Agentforce Back Agentforce Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore Agentforce How Agentforce works Why Agentforce? Agentforce Builder Agentforce Voice Agentforce Dev Tools AgentExchange Agentforce Supply Chain Customer Stories Use Cases Agentforce Pricing Sales Back Sales Boost pipeline, win rate, and revenue with Sales Cloud. See all sales solutions Sales Force Automation Sales AI Sales Agents Sales Performance Management Partner Cloud Revenue Lifecycle Management CPQ Sales Pricing Service Back Service Cut service costs with humans & AI agents on one platform. See all service solutions Customer Service Management Field Service and Operations Contact Center IT Service Service Portal Service Analytics Customer Service AI HR Service Service Pricing Marketing Back Marketing Personalize every moment of engagement across the customer lifecycle with AI agents, actionable data, and workflows. See all marketing solutions Marketing AI Email Marketing, Mobile, & Advertising B2B Marketing Automation Personalization Marketing Analytics Customer Data Platform Loyalty Management Small Business Marketing Marketing Pricing Commerce Back Commerce Increase revenue and deliver consistent customer experiences across online, in-store, and mobile channels with Commerce Cloud. See all commerce solutions B2C Commerce B2B Commerce Order Management Commerce AI Payments Commerce Innovations Point of Sale Commerce Pricing Analytics Back Analytics Empower every user, in every industry to transform trusted data into actionable insights, wherever they work. Explore analytics solutions Tableau Next Tableau Semantics Tableau CRM Analytics Data Culture Analytics Pricing Slack Back Slack Bring your people, agents data, apps and Salesforce solutions to where work happens in Slack. Learn about Slack and Salesforce AI-Powered Productivity Slackbot Slack Platform Salesforce in Slack Agentforce in Slack Salesforce channels Pricing CRM Small Business Back Small Business Find more customers, win their business, and keep them happy with tools that help you work smarter, not harder. Explore small business solutions Free Suite Starter Suite Pro Suite Marketing Sales Service Commerce Productivity with Slack Small Business Pricing Data Back Data Bring together, understand, and act on all your data, from any source. Explore Data 360 How Data 360 Works How Connectivity Works Data Security & Privacy Connectors Directory Analytics Platform Back Agentforce 360 Platform Build and customize your Agentforce and Customer 360 with the Agentforce 360 Platform. See all platform capabilities Agentforce Artificial Intelligence Agentforce & AI App Development Data Security & Privacy Informatica Analytics MuleSoft Flow Automation Heroku Net Zero Back Net Zero Sustainability, simplified with Agentforce. See all Net Zero solutions Agentforce for Net Zero Cloud Net Zero Cloud Net Zero Marketplace Net Zero Pricing Customer Success Back Customer Success Reach your goals with our customer success experts. See all services Success Plans Professional Services Plans & Services Pricing Partner Apps & Experts Back Partner Apps & Experts Get the most out of Salesforce with partners, agents, apps, and consultants. About our partners AgentExchange Partner Apps Consultants Become a Partner Pricing Back Pricing Find pricing options for each Salesforce product. See all product pricing Flex Credit Calculator Enter your company’s specific needs and receive custom pricing details. Product Support Discover the #1 AI CRM Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore the Salesforce portfolio Discover the #1 AI CRM Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore the Salesforce portfolio Industries Back Industries Automotive Back Automotive Drive a lifetime of loyalty. Explore automotive solutions OEM Dealer/Retailers Captive Software-Defined Vehicle (SDV) Automotive Cloud Automotive Pricing Communications Back Communications Deliver the connected future, faster. Explore communications solutions Unify the Telecom Customer Journey Accelerate Communication Sales Simplify Wholesale Transactions Light Up Fiber Experiences Fulfill the Perfect Order Optimize Telecom Customer Service Communications Cloud Communications Cloud Pricing Construction & Real Estate Back Engineering, Construction & Real Estate Achieve operational excellence. Explore engineering, construction, and real estate solutions Real Estate Engineering & Construction Residential & Commercial Services Consumer Goods Back Consumer Goods Deliver profitable growth. Explore consumer goods solutions Fast-Moving Consumer Goods Home Durables Distributors Apparel, Footwear, and Accessories Beauty Consumer Goods Cloud Consumer Goods Cloud Pricing Education Back Education Deliver connected education journeys for life on the #1 AI CRM.​ Explore education solutions Recruitment & Admissions Academic Operations Student Success Advancement & Alumni Relations Communications, Marketing, and Engagement Lifelong Learning K-12 Education Cloud Education Cloud Pricing Energy & Utilities Back Energy & Utilities Lead the energy transition. Explore energy & utilities solutions Power & Utilities Oil & Gas Energy & Utilities Cloud Energy & Utilities Cloud Pricing Financial Services Back Financial Services Empower your customers’ financial success with trusted AI. Explore financial services solutions Agentforce for Financial Services Financial Services Cloud Financial Services Cloud Pricing Healthcare Back Healthcare Accelerate outcomes with Agentforce 360 for Health. Explore healthcare solutions Provider Payer Public Sector Health Health Cloud Health Cloud Pricing Life Sciences Back Life Sciences Improve clinical and commercial outcomes with Agentforce 360 for Life Sciences. Explore life sciences solutions Pharma MedTech Life Sciences Cloud Life Sciences Cloud Pricing Manufacturing Back Manufacturing Connect the value chain. Explore manufacturing solutions Modernize Commercial Operations Transform the Service Experience Simplify Partner Engagement Manufacturing Cloud Manufacturing Cloud Pricing Media Back Media Cultivate loyal audiences faster. Explore media solutions Accelerate Advertising Sales Automate Media and Entertainment Processes Grow Subscriber Relationships Maximize Audience Engagement Streamline Production and Operations Media Cloud Media Cloud Pricing Nonprofit Back Nonprofit Build relationships that drive change. Explore nonprofit solutions Fundraising Marketing and Engagement Program and Outcome Management IT Operations for Nonprofit Grantmaking Volunteer Management Nonprofit Cloud Nonprofit Cloud Pricing Professional Services Back Professional Services Increase client trust. Explore professional services solutions Accounting, Tax, and Audit Consulting Staffing and Recruiting Legal Public Sector Back Public Sector Modernize government service. Explore public sector solutions Federal/National State and Local Defense and National Security Government Cloud Public Sector Solutions Government Cloud Pricing Public Sector Apps Pricing Retail Back Retail Smarter retail starts with Salesforce. Explore retail solutions Fashion Restaurants Grocery, Drug, and Convenience Stores Mass Merchants and Department Stores Technology Back Technology Drive cost-efficient growth with intelligent automated processes. Explore technology solutions Unlock Partner Growth Drive Recurring Revenue Travel, Transportation & Hospitality Back Travel, Transportation & Hospitality Deliver connected experiences. Explore travel, transportation, and hospitality experiences Travel Transportation and Logistics Hospitality See all industries Explore Salesforce for industries. Get industry-specific innovations that modernize your business, save time, and lower costs. See all industries Explore Salesforce for industries. Get industry-specific innovations that modernize your business, save time, and lower costs. See all industries Customers Back Customers Customer Stories Back Customer Stories Explore success stories from customers of all sizes, in every industry. See all stories Tableau Stories MuleSoft Stories Slack Stories Heroku Stories Salesforce on Salesforce Stories Back Salesforce on Salesforce Stories Explore success stories of how Salesforce uses our own technology to run every part of our business. See all stories Trailblazer Stories Back Trailblazer Stories Meet the innovators driving business impact and building successful careers with Salesforce. See all stories Trailblazer Series Trailblazer 360 Blog Be a Trailblazer Explore success stories. See how our customers transform their businesses with CRM + AI + Data + Trust. See all stories Explore success stories. See how our customers transform their businesses with CRM + AI + Data + Trust. See all stories Events Back Events Dreamforce Back Dreamforce Join us September 15-17 in San Francisco and on Salesforce+ to experience the Agentic Enterprise — powered by you, amplified by agents. Register now Why Dreamforce Hear from AI visionaries, learn through hands-on training, and explore real customer use cases — all in one place. Sessions Explore 1,600+ sessions covering every industry, role, and product, designed to help you solve any business challenge. FAQs Find answers to all your event questions about registration, travel, and onsite tips. TDX Back TDX Relive the innovation and inspiration of TDX 2026 with on-demand keynotes, sessions, and highlights available anytime on Salesforce+. Learn more Save the date for TDX 2027 Sign up today for an exclusive low price, speaker announcements, and a sneak peek at the deep technical sessions and hands-on workshops. TDX 2026 Main Keynote Discover how to build your Agentic Enterprise with Salesforce and unlock the power of humans and agents driving customer success together. Best of TDX 2026 Explore the biggest announcements, launches, and innovations from TDX 2026. Connections Back Connections Join us at the marketing event of the year, where bold marketers and breakthrough agents come together to drive big impact. Register now Why Attend Discover how Connections helps you lead with experiences that adapt to every customer, and gives you the tools to become an Agentic Enterprise. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, accessibility, and how to make the most of your Connections experience. Tableau Conference Back Tableau Conference Join us at the data and analytics event of the year, where AI, analytics, and trusted data come together to power better decisions. Register now Why Attend Discover how Tableau Conference helps you turn data into action. Learn what’s new, sharpen your skills, and connect with the global Tableau community shaping the future of analytics. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, accessibility, and how to make the most of your Tableau Conference experience. Informatica World Back Informatica World Join us at Informatica World to ignite your data strategy, unlock AI’s full potential, and lead your organization into the future. Register now Sessions Browse sessions designed to advance your AI-ready data journey, from keynotes to hands-on deep dives. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, and how to make the most of your experience. Agentforce World Tours Back Agentforce World Tours Join us in cities around the world to experience the latest Salesforce innovations in apps, data, and agents. Connect with leaders and experts from your industry at an Agentforce World Tour near you. Learn more Find an Agentforce World Tour in a city near you Browse current Agentforce World Tour events, or sign up today to be the first to know when one is coming to a city near you Agentforce World Tour New York Explore 140+ expert-led sessions, demos, and hands-on trainings featuring Dreamforce’s boldest launches. All in one day, all for free. Agentforce World Tour Chicago Experience the Dreamforce innovations that power Agentic Enterprises with expert-led sessions, demos, and hands-on trainings. All in one day, all for free. Salesforce+ Back Salesforce+ Fuel your professional growth and transform your company with our free live streaming and on-demand events. Visit Salesforce+ Watch Dreamforce On-Demand Stream the world’s largest, most trusted technology event. Agentforce and AI Join us to learn how AI agents are driving customer success. Data, Analytics, and Integration Explore data and AI demos, trainings, and release announcements. My List Save inspiring content to watch later. More Salesforce Events Back More Salesforce Events Dive into highlights from past events and explore on-demand content for every role and industry. See all events Webinars Join live webinars or listen to on-demand webinars at any time. Community Led Learn from peers, build your Salesforce network, and give back to the community. Customer Success Events Build product knowledge and get implementation and adoption guidance from Salesforce experts. Developer Events Learn and get hands-on the with the latest product innovations. Local User Groups Join groups to meet, collaborate, and learn new skills with Trailblazers. Salesforce Events Join us in person or on Salesforce+ to experience expert-led learning and groundbreaking innovation. See all events Salesforce Events Join us in person or on Salesforce+ to experience expert-led learning and groundbreaking innovation. See all events Learning Back Learning Learning on Trailhead Back Learning on Trailhead Skill up for the future from anywhere with Trailhead, our free, online learning platform. Explore Trailhead Trails Explore guided learning paths to quickly learn in-demand skills. Expert-led Learning Accelerate learning with access to Salesforce experts. Salesforce Certification Earn resume-worthy Salesforce credentials. Career Paths Find your career in the Salesforce ecosystem. Try Salesforce for Free Back Try Salesforce for Free Explore free trial offers for Salesforce data, analytics, and CRM products — for any size business, in any industry. Get started Starter Suite The marketing, sales, service, and commerce tools you need to succeed — all in a single CRM suite. Developer Edition Build enterprise-quality apps fast and get hands-on with Agentforce and Data Cloud. New to Salesforce Back New to Salesforce Salesforce is the #1 AI CRM, with AI agents, data, and CRM apps on a single, unified platform. Learn more about Salesforce What is CRM? Learn all about what CRM is, what it does, and how it can improve customer relationships. What is Customer 360? Salesforce’s category-leading apps for sales, service, marketing, commerce, IT, and more. What are AI agents? Learn more about AI agents and how they can help your business. What is Agentforce? It’s always-on digital labor augmenting every employee, department, and business process to improve customer experiences. Blogs Back Blogs Discover tips and insights from experts to supercharge your digital journey. Explore all blogs The 360 Blog Get the latest on AI, data, digital labor, and more. AI Research Blog Keep up with Salesforce’s AI research team and stay on the cutting edge of technology. Developer Blog Get the latest tooling innovation news, insights, and inspiration. Salesblazer Grow your career with the latest in sales content, training, and events — all part of the world’s leading sales community. Resources Back Resources Find free articles, guides, best practices, research, and more. Explore all resources Analyst Reports Read the latest studies and reports from the world’s best-known business analysts. Partners Explore industry-leading Salesforce partner apps and experts. Developer Documentation Get developer guides, tutorials, sample code, and API references. Newsletter Sign up to receive the latest Salesforce tips and insights, tailored just for you. Become a Trailblazer. Unlock free hands-on learning, our global community, original series, and support. Join for free Become a Trailblazer. Unlock free hands-on learning, our global community, original series, and support. Join for free Support Back Support Help & Documentation Back Help & Documentation Need help? Ask Agentforce. Find documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more – all the support you need, wherever you need it. Ask Agentforce on Salesforce Help Known Issues Find up-to-date information and status about our technology bugs and workarounds. Developer Documentation Find tutorials, sample code, developer guides, and API references. Architecture Center Explore diagrams, decision guides, and resources to build trusted, easy, and adaptable solutions. Communities Back Communities Meet people, learn skills, find apps and experts, and share feedback by joining Salesforce communities. Explore communities Trailblazer Community Connect with peers to learn skills and grow. Slack Community Connect with Slack end users, admins, and developers. MuleSoft Community Connect with MuleSoft developers, architects and business users. Tableau Community Connect with Tableau analysts, admins, developers and business users. Partner Community Collaborate, learn, and manage your partner business. IdeaExchange Help us build the Salesforce roadmap by sharing your feedback. Services & Plans Back Services & Plans Reach your goals with our customer success experts. See all services Success Plans Get the right level of support and guidance to grow your business. Professional Services Implement, innovate, and transform your enterprise with help from Salesforce experts. Account Management Back Account Management Manage your Salesforce subscriptions and contracts. Explore Your Account features. Your Account App Make payments, buy products, and manage renewals (Salesforce login required). Billing Portal Access invoices and make payments (Trailblazer ID login required). Digital Wallet Track and manage consumption with near-real time usage data. Questions? We can help. Get answers fast with Agentforce. Explore product documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more. Get started Questions? We can help. Get answers fast with Agentforce. Explore product documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more. Get started Company Back Company About Salesforce Back About Salesforce Learn about our history, products, and values. See our story What Is Salesforce? Leadership Global Offices Salesforce Swag Store Salesforce Ventures Investor Relations Our Values Back Our Values We are guided by our values and strive to do well in business while doing good in our communities. See what drives us Trust Customer success Innovation Equality Sustainability Our Impact Back Our Impact Business is the greatest platform for change. We use the full power of Salesforce to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders. Learn about our Impact initiatives Equality Accessibility Sustainability Philanthropy Ethical and Humane Use Public Policy Careers Back Careers Start a new journey with us – a career here at Salesforce. See all careers University Recruiting News Back Newsroom Stay informed with the latest news and announcements, fresh off the press. Visit the newsroom Analyst Reports Quarter in Review Legal Back Legal Find answers to your questions about Salesforce agreement terms, policies, intellectual property, corporate governance and compliance for customers, employees, partners and suppliers. See legal For Customers For Partners and Alliances For Suppliers Terms of Service TMCU Guidelines DMCA Privacy Info Compliance Product Accessibility Status Governance More Salesforce Brands Back More Salesforce Brands Explore the Salesforce brands delivering success now. See our brands Slack Tableau MuleSoft Informatica Heroku Hear our story. We believe in building relationships – not just between companies and customers, but among our global communities. Learn about us Hear our story. We believe in building relationships – not just between companies and customers, but among our global communities. Learn about us Contact Us Back Contact Us Contact Us ‍ Change Region Back Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) ‍ Contact Us Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) Change Region ‍ Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) Start for free Start for free How Agentforce Works Agents need three things to get work done: data, reasoning, and actions. With Agentforce, agents can connect to any data source and use it in real time to plan, reason, and evaluate. And Agentforce agents can leverage any workflow, automation, or API to complete tasks. Read on to learn how it all works. Watch demos Talk to an expert Only Agentforce brings together humans + AI + data + action. Agentforce agents operate autonomously by retrieving the right data on demand, building action plans for any task, and executing these plans without needing human intervention. Using real-time data to adapt to changing conditions, they operate independently within your organization’s specific guardrails to ensure every customer interaction is accurate. Bring trusted data to your agents. Discover Data 360 Data 360 Data 360 gives agents real-time access to the data they need to do work, without the need to copy data from existing warehouses. Create powerful agents that refer to your connected structured and unstructured data. That includes company knowledge articles, CRM data, external data lakes, and more. Metadata Metadata allows agents to know the context of your business and the actions available to them. Metadata is a core part of the Agentforce 360 Platform: Every field, label, entry, and automation built on the platform is tagged with relevant metadata that Agentforce can read and understand. This metadata allows the agent to know exactly how to use a flow or what data it needs to pull in. Prompt Builder Prompt Builder lets you build repeatable, tailored prompts that can deliver the exact data an agent needs to do work. These prompts can be used by agents to find and retrieve structured and unstructured data in real time through Retrieval Augmented Generation. Learn more Agentforce learns and reasons with the Atlas Reasoning Engine. Advanced RAG The Atlas Reasoning Engine uses advanced techniques like ensemble retrieval augmented generation (RAG), which combines the strengths of several RAG models, to find highly specific, accurate data for agents. Agents can search across structured and unstructured data to find similar language to the initial task, giving them the knowledge they need to respond and act with precision. Agentic Loops The Atlas Reasoning Engine breaks down the initial prompt into smaller tasks, evaluating at each step and proposing a plan for how to proceed. For example, if an agent is handling a customer inquiry, it identifies the intent, searches for relevant data, creates a plan of action, and evaluates the effectiveness of the action. If unsatifactory, the agent continues to adapt and refine the plan by asking for additional information. This ensures that the initial prompt can be completed accurately. Topic Classification The Atlas Reasoning Engine evaluates a user request against all of the topics available to an agent, and then selects the most appropriate one to accomplish the task. Agentforce takes action across your entire enterprise. Applications Agentforce is natively integrated with the entire Salesforce Customer 360. From Sales and Service to Commerce and Marketing, agents can use complete customer context from your CRM applications and take action directly within the flow of work for your employees. For example, an agent can use engagement data to identify an opportunity to upsell and generate a personalized email to a prospect. Conversations Agentforce can be embedded across web and mobile chat, email, SMS, and Slack to meet your customers wherever they are. Agents can reply natively, and also seamlessly handoff to human employees across any channel. For example, a customer can log onto your website and have a conversation with an agent to troubleshoot a broken item. The agent replies with best practices and trouble shooting instructions to close out the case. Workflows Agents can take advantage of prebuilt Flows to automate business processes. Agents can be configured to run Flows and use their output to help respond to the intial prompt. Agents can also be embedded within a Flow to help automate even more work. For example, an agent can run a flow to automatically elevate the priority of a customer case ticket based on certain criteria. Agentforce Activator. Confidently deploy agents fast. Work with the experts from Salesforce Professional Services and Certified Partners to create an agent tailored to your business goals and aligned with your values. Learn more Join the Agentblazer community. Connect with Agentblazers from around the world to skill up on AI, discover use cases, hear from product experts, and more. Grow your AI expertise — and your career. Join today Learn more Ready to take the next step with Agentforce? Build agents fast. Take a closer look at how agent building works in our library. Watch demos Get expert guidance. Launch Agentforce with speed, confidence, and ROI you can measure. See how Talk to a rep. Tell us about your business needs, and we’ll help you find answers. Contact us Agentforce Frequently Asked Questions What is an AI agent? An AI agent is an intelligent system that can get work done proactively and autonomously, meaning it doesn't require human input. Agents can be triggered by changes in data and automations. They can understand and respond to human conversation dynamically. And they rely on machine learning and natural language processing (NLP) to reason and handle a wide range of tasks, from answering simple questions to resolving complex issues. Learn more with AI agent courses . How is an AI agent different from a chatbot? Traditional chatbots require pre-determined conversation trees to respond to inquiries. In contrast, agents are dynamic. They can adapt to human language and conversation, and they have the ability to reason. They make sense of the conversation, build a plan to address it, understand the tools available to them, and then take the best course of action. Read the guide to learn more about AI agents vs. chatbots . What can an AI agent be used for? There are many AI agent use cases . You can customize an AI agent to fit any use case and any industry. Salesforce offers a range of out-of-the-box agents for service, sales, marketing, and commerce, so you can get started in minutes. These are just some examples of how agents can support your business: Service agents can automatically help a customer troubleshoot an issue with personalized, branded advice based on their purchase history and company knowledge documents SDR agents can send a personalized introductory email to a lead, respond to a question on pricing, and access an account executive’s calendar to schedule a follow-up call Marketing agents can generate campaigns, briefs, audience segments, emails, and end-to-end journeys based on your company's goals Ecommerce agents can manage your websites and generate personalized promotions How secure is Agentforce? The Einstein Trust Layer protects customer data through robust security features and guardrails, like zero data retention, toxicity detection, secure data retrieval, and dynamic grounding. It improves the safety and accuracy of outputs while ensuring the responsible use of AI agents across the Salesforce ecosystem. For example, the Audit Trail feature provides the data you need to track AI agent actions and outputs, ensuring AI usage complies with your organization’s security, privacy, regulatory, and AI governance policies. Can I customize Agentforce workflows? While other agent platforms require complex data integration and custom automation builds, Agentforce is already built into the Agentforce 360 Platform. You can instantly turn your existing workflows, prompt templates, Apex, and APIs into agent actions — with the added power of native tools, like Data 360, Slack, and MuleSoft. Agent Builder enables Salesforce admins and developers to use natural language to create jobs to be done, instructions, actions, and guardrails for their agents. What platforms does Agentforce integrate with? Agentforce is deeply integrated with the Agentforce 360 Platform, which brings together all the data and context agents need from internal and external sources, with the Einstein Trust Layer built in. This enables agents to take accurate, relevant actions, which are faster to implement thanks to our low-code framework. You can reuse Platform tools like flows and Apex, and build your agent on top of them. Agentforce also connects to all the channels where your employees and customers already interact, including CRM, WhatsApp, Messenger, and your website. There’s no need to go to another application to talk to an agent because they're bringing value to the existing flow of work. Is Agentforce suitable for small businesses? Agentforce is suitable for businesses of any size. Salesforce customers can now try Agentforce for free with Salesforce Foundations, a $0 add-on for Enterprise Edition and higher. Foundations helps businesses get ready for AI by extending their CRM with additional key features from Agentforce, Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Marketing Cloud, Commerce Cloud, and Data 360. Foundations now includes credits to power the first 1,000 conversations with Agentforce for Service, allowing your company to try its capabilities before buying.
