Source URL: https://www.salesforce.com/sales/artificial-intelligence/
Title: AI for Sales | Salesforce
Fetched at (unix): 1777286494

AI for Sales | Salesforce Skip to content Salesforce is seeing 33% faster meeting prep and a 10% increase in win rates thanks to Agentforce. Learn how Sales AI Close more deals and scale your sales teams with sales AI. Use AI to automate prospecting, optimize every conversation, accelerate decisions in the flow of work, and take the right actions with the help of better data. Watch demo Take a tour Leading teams use Sales AI to sell faster and drive productivity. What can sales teams do with trusted Sales AI? Drive productivity, accelerate decision making, close faster, and strengthen relationships. Scale your sales team with agents. Learn more Prospecting Automatically surface high-intent accounts with continuously updated, prioritized lists in Salesforce or Slack. Enriched signals from Salesforce, the web, and third-party sources let your team skip manual research and focus on selling, keeping your pipeline moving. Learn more about sales prospecting agent. Engagement Engage and qualify prospects autonomously across web, email, voice, and more — with personalized outreach, instant product Q&A, and seamless meeting scheduling. Capture and nurture leads with trusted, CRM-grounded responses, then hand off qualified prospects to your sellers fast. Pipeline Management Manage your pipeline with Agentforce for automatic, consistent updates across fields like stage and next steps. Get a clear view of every deal without manual work. Review and approve updates in suggestive mode, or update automatically. Account Management Research accounts, build strategic POVs, update account plans, and prep for meetings in minutes — not hours. Automatically gather account context, organize insights, and provide clear next-step recommendations, giving sellers instant clarity and always-on support to focus on customers and drive long-term growth across the entire lifecycle. Close deals with conversation intelligence. Call Insights Flag key moments across every sales conversation. See exactly what customers like and dislike about competitors, without listening to the entire call. Instantly spot customer objections, attitudes on pricing, and questions asked. Add in unique keywords for Einstein to flag, such as competitor products, features, or any mentions crucial to closing deals. Call Explorer Explore every conversation in detail. Search all your sales calls with natural language. Ask questions like, “Which deals mentioned pricing concerns?” or “Where did competitors come up?” and get instant answers. Quickly surface key moments across calls, spot risks, and understand what’s happening in your pipeline — without digging through transcripts. Sales Signals Spot patterns across every deal. Analyze customer conversations to surface and group key topics — like objections, pricing concerns, and competitor mentions — across your entire pipeline with AI. Instantly see what’s trending, what’s putting deals at risk, and which opportunities are impacted — helping you refine your strategy, coach with precision, and drive stronger outcomes at scale. Accelerate decisions with AI in the flow of work. Watch demo Embedded Summarization Get one-click, AI-generated summaries for every account, opportunity, lead, and contact. Walk into every conversation prepared with real-time context, without the manual prep. Need more? Go deeper with Agentforce to surface details, ask follow-ups, or trigger next steps. AI-driven Deal Insights Prioritize the most critical deals. Avoid guesswork and get ahead of risks by understanding and taking action based on lead potential, opportunity health, and relevant sales activities. Predictive Scoring Drive forecast accuracy with AI-predictions. Get visibility into the relevant logic, factors, and business trends that inform predictions. Easily assess potential gaps in your pipeline and sales process. Drive growth with AI-powered sales planning. Watch demo Learn more Territory Optimization Summary Easily digest changes to the sales plan with a natural language summary of recent territory optimizations. Surface change drivers and highlight top changes such as key account moves and growth and shrink areas. Formula Generation Build plans faster with AI to create formulas. Describe the business goal with natural language, and apply formulas to configure new plan attributes or modify existing ones. Preview the values to deploy updates with confidence. Segment Generation Model revenue strategies easily with AI that can add, edit, and summarize segments. Use natural language to create logical groupings and define rules based on any account field. Get smarter agents, powered by unified data. Unify conversations, signals, and content from across your business to give sellers and agents the full customer and business context they need to personalize outreach, update opportunities accurately, and tailor coaching. Watch demo Conversation Data Use conversation data from calls, emails, and meetings to uncover customer intent and deal context. Help sellers and agents personalize follow-ups and keep opportunities current based on what actually happened. Customer Data Unify sales, service, marketing, and commerce data for a complete customer view. Give sellers and agents full lifecycle context to provide more relevant, consistent responses on time, every time. External and Unstructured Data Bring in external data like web engagement, product usage, and unstructured content like product FAQ with Data 360. Help sellers and agents respond more accurately and stay aligned with your brand and business. What’s new with Agentforce Sales? Learn about the latest innovations that help you sell more, faster. From smarter prospecting and automated research to real-time guidance and AI-powered outreach, you’ll get a quick, clear overview of what’s new. Learn more Become a Salesblazer with free, guided learning on Trailhead. Complete your sales AI solution with products from across the Customer 360. Sales Cloud Max out efficiency with better automation, data, and intelligence. Learn more Einstein Conversation Insights Accelerate time to close and scale coaching with actionable insights from your sales calls. Learn more Sales Analytics Drive forecast accuracy, grow pipeline, and optimize revenue with Sales Cloud and Tableau insights. Learn more Sales Engagement Accelerate sales with engagement built directly into your CRM. Learn more Data Cloud Bring trusted customer data to AI and unlock impactful growth opportunities with a single, unified view of your accounts and sales activities from any data source. Learn more View all products Sales Cloud Pricing Select your Sales Cloud edition below. Sales Cloud Unlimited edition includes our full suite of Sales AI products, right out of the box. For the others, you can easily add the products you need. Currency converter US Dollar (USD) Australian Dollar (AUD) British Pound (GBP) Euro (EUR) Japanese Yen (JPY) Swedish Krona (SEK) Starter Suite The smart CRM suite with even more sales, service, marketing – plus commerce. $ 25 USD/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) $ 25 USD/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) 25 € EUR/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) AU$ 35 AUD/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) 3,000 円 JPY/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) 250 kr SEK/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) £ 20 GBP/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) Lead, Account, Contact, and Opportunity Management Built-in Sales Flows and Lead Routing AI Automatically Syncs Emails, Events, and Contacts Dynamic Email Marketing and Analytics Try for free Pro Suite The flexible CRM suite with more automation and customization across sales, service, marketing, and commerce. $ 100 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) $ 100 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) 100 € EUR/User/Month (Billed annually) AU$ 140 AUD/User/Month (Billed annually) 12,000 円 JPY/User/Month (Billed annually) 1,000 kr SEK/User/Month (Billed annually) £ 80 GBP/User/Month (Billed annually) Everything in Starter Plus Greater Customization and Automation Sales Quoting and Forecasting Access to AppExchange Premier Support (add-on) Try for free Enterprise The CRM for sales with more flexibility and web API. $ 175 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) $ 175 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) 175 € EUR/User/Month (Billed annually) AU$ 245 AUD/User/Month (Billed annually) 21,000 円 JPY/User/Month (Billed annually) 1,750 kr SEK/User/Month (Billed annually) £ 140 GBP/User/Month (Billed annually) Everything in Pro Suite plus Advanced Pipeline Management & Deal Insights Conversation Intelligence Agentforce Try for free Unlimited The CRM for sales with intelligent automation and developer support built in. $ 350 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) $ 350 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) 350 € EUR/User/Month (Billed annually) AU$ 490 AUD/User/Month (Billed annually) 42,000 円 JPY/User/Month (Billed annually) 3,500 kr SEK/User/Month (Billed annually) £ 280 GBP/User/Month (Billed annually) Everything in Enterprise plus Predictive AI Conversation Intelligence and Sales Engagement Premier Success Plan and Full Sandbox Try for free Agentforce 1 Sales The complete Sales CRM with built-in AI and unified data. One platform that does it all. $ 550 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) $ 550 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) 550 € EUR/User/Month (Billed annually) AU$ 770 AUD/User/Month (Billed annually) 66,000 円 JPY/User/Month (Billed annually) 5,500 kr SEK/User/Month (Billed annually) £ 440 GBP/User/Month (Billed annually) Everything in Unlimited, plus our full suite of AI Unmetered Agentforce usage for employees Salesforce Spiff, Sales Planning, Sales Programs, Salesforce Maps, Tableau Next, and Slack Enterprise+ 1M Flex Credits & 2.5M Data Cloud Credits per org per year Contact us This page is provided for information purposes only and subject to change. Contact a sales representative for detailed pricing information. View detailed pricing We use Einstein Opportunity Scoring to measure the probability of opportunities being converted to sales and to identify at-risk pipelines. In conjunction with Sales Cloud and Forecasting, it has improved win rate by 14%. Laurent Farci SVP, media.monks Get the most out of AI for sales with partner apps and experts. Accelerate revenue growth with thousands of prebuilt and consultant offerings on AgentExchange. Check them out today. Join the Salesblazer Community. Looking to meet and learn from fellow sales professionals? Our Salesblazer Community is the place for you. Sign up on Slack Hit the ground running with Sales AI tips, tricks, and best practices. Guide How to Launch Agentforce for Sales in 30 mins or Less Get the guide Webinar What’s New with Agentforce for Sales: Winter '25 Release + Dreamforce Preview Watch the webinar Playbook 7 Ways AI Can Help You Close More Deals Read the playbook Webinar Supercharge Selling with the #1 AI CRM Watch the webinar See all resources Ready to take the next step with the world’s #1 AI CRM for Sales? Start your trial. Try Sales Cloud free for 30 days. No credit card, no installations. Try for free Talk to an expert. Tell us a bit more so the right person can reach out faster. Request a call Stay up to date. Get the latest research, industry insights, and product news delivered straight to your inbox. Sign up for newsletter Frequently asked questions about AI for Sales Overview Benefits Features & Use Cases What Is Artificial Intelligence (AI)? Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the development of computer systems that can perform tasks typically requiring human intelligence. This includes abilities like learning, reasoning, problem-solving, and understanding natural language. What is generative AI for sales? Generative AI for sales uses simple prompts to create copy (like prospecting emails) and make recommendations (like suggestions for quick-win deals) that are critical to efficient sales processes. It does this by analyzing existing sales and customer data to help draft emails, or determine which messages or resources would help advance a sales conversation. What is sales automation? Sales automation is the process of using technology to perform often tedious human tasks, reducing manual time, effort, and error. Learn how sales automation software can help. How can AI be used in sales? There are many applications of AI in sales. Common ones include lead scoring, allowing reps to focus on deals most likely to close; customer segmentation, which can improve the success rate of prospecting; personalization, delivering tailored communication that speaks to audiences' unique needs and pain points; and sales forecasting , showing trends and making recommendations for strategy based on predicted performance. How is artificial intelligence changing sales? Artificial intelligence is changing sales by enabling businesses to optimize various sales activities, from lead generation to customer communication, with limited human intervention. This frees up reps' time to focus on relationship-building, while also delivering outputs (like forecasts and recommendations) that aren't vulnerable to human error. Ultimately, this improves overall sales performance and helps increase revenue. Why is sales technology important? Sales technology is important because it streamlines processes, enhances efficiency, and provides valuable insights to drive sales growth and improve customer relationships. The best sales technology allows you to consolidate your data and efforts to avoid disjointed work experiences. How does AI improve sales? AI improves sales by automating repetitive tasks, providing real-time insights into customer behavior, and generating drafts of personalized communication with customers. It also enables businesses to identify new sales opportunities and make data-driven decisions to optimize sales performance. What industries benefit most from sales AI? Industries that benefit most from sales AI include technology and software, finance and banking, healthcare, and e-commerce. AI enhances sales processes through personalization, predictive analytics, and automation. These industries use AI to improve customer engagement, optimize sales strategies, and drive revenue growth. How does AI improve sales forecasting? AI improves sales forecasting by analyzing historical data and market trends. It identifies patterns to more accurately predict future sales outcomes than traditional methods. This helps businesses make smarter decisions about inventory, staffing, and budgets. How does generative AI assist sales teams? Generative AI assists sales teams by creating content like personalized emails, call scripts, and presentations. It can also summarize meetings and draft follow-up notes, reducing the time reps spend on administrative work and allowing them to focus on selling. Which AI features are most beneficial for sales teams? Some of the most beneficial AI features for sales teams include predictive analytics, sales forecasting, lead scoring, and personalization. These help sales teams prioritize leads, anticipate customer needs, and optimize their sales strategies. AI-powered conversation analysis and sales automation also enhance sales performance. Can AI help with sales lead qualification? Yes, AI can help qualify sales leads by quickly analyzing data to identify high-potential prospects. AI tools can score leads based on behavior and other factors, allowing sales teams to focus on the most promising opportunities. How can AI personalize the sales process? AI personalizes the sales process by analyzing customer data to create tailored communication and recommendations. It can suggest specific content for a prospect or personalize email messages at scale, leading to more engaging and effective conversations with buyers. Does AI replace sales professionals? AI augments, not replaces, sales professionals. It automates repetitive tasks such as data entry and scheduling, allowing humans to focus on building customer relationships, negotiating complex deals, and other strategic activities that require human judgment. Writers drafted these FAQs with the help of AI.
