Source URL: https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/
Title: Agentforce: The AI Agent Platform | Salesforce
Fetched at (unix): 1777286461

Agentforce: The AI Agent Platform | Salesforce Skip to content Products Back Products All Products Agentforce Back Agentforce Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore Agentforce How Agentforce works Why Agentforce? Agentforce Builder Agentforce Voice Agentforce Dev Tools AgentExchange Agentforce Supply Chain Customer Stories Use Cases Agentforce Pricing Sales Back Sales Boost pipeline, win rate, and revenue with Sales Cloud. See all sales solutions Sales Force Automation Sales AI Sales Agents Sales Performance Management Partner Cloud Revenue Lifecycle Management CPQ Sales Pricing Service Back Service Cut service costs with humans & AI agents on one platform. See all service solutions Customer Service Management Field Service and Operations Contact Center IT Service Service Portal Service Analytics Customer Service AI HR Service Service Pricing Marketing Back Marketing Personalize every moment of engagement across the customer lifecycle with AI agents, actionable data, and workflows. See all marketing solutions Marketing AI Email Marketing, Mobile, & Advertising B2B Marketing Automation Personalization Marketing Analytics Customer Data Platform Loyalty Management Small Business Marketing Marketing Pricing Commerce Back Commerce Increase revenue and deliver consistent customer experiences across online, in-store, and mobile channels with Commerce Cloud. See all commerce solutions B2C Commerce B2B Commerce Order Management Commerce AI Payments Commerce Innovations Point of Sale Commerce Pricing Analytics Back Analytics Empower every user, in every industry to transform trusted data into actionable insights, wherever they work. Explore analytics solutions Tableau Next Tableau Semantics Tableau CRM Analytics Data Culture Analytics Pricing Slack Back Slack Bring your people, agents data, apps and Salesforce solutions to where work happens in Slack. Learn about Slack and Salesforce AI-Powered Productivity Slackbot Slack Platform Salesforce in Slack Agentforce in Slack Salesforce channels Pricing CRM Small Business Back Small Business Find more customers, win their business, and keep them happy with tools that help you work smarter, not harder. Explore small business solutions Free Suite Starter Suite Pro Suite Marketing Sales Service Commerce Productivity with Slack Small Business Pricing Data Back Data Bring together, understand, and act on all your data, from any source. Explore Data 360 How Data 360 Works How Connectivity Works Data Security & Privacy Connectors Directory Analytics Platform Back Agentforce 360 Platform Build and customize your Agentforce and Customer 360 with the Agentforce 360 Platform. See all platform capabilities Agentforce Artificial Intelligence Agentforce & AI App Development Data Security & Privacy Informatica Analytics MuleSoft Flow Automation Heroku Net Zero Back Net Zero Sustainability, simplified with Agentforce. See all Net Zero solutions Agentforce for Net Zero Cloud Net Zero Cloud Net Zero Marketplace Net Zero Pricing Customer Success Back Customer Success Reach your goals with our customer success experts. See all services Success Plans Professional Services Plans & Services Pricing Partner Apps & Experts Back Partner Apps & Experts Get the most out of Salesforce with partners, agents, apps, and consultants. About our partners AgentExchange Partner Apps Consultants Become a Partner Pricing Back Pricing Find pricing options for each Salesforce product. See all product pricing Flex Credit Calculator Enter your company’s specific needs and receive custom pricing details. Product Support Discover the #1 AI CRM Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore the Salesforce portfolio Discover the #1 AI CRM Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore the Salesforce portfolio Industries Back Industries Automotive Back Automotive Drive a lifetime of loyalty. Explore automotive solutions OEM Dealer/Retailers Captive Software-Defined Vehicle (SDV) Automotive Cloud Automotive Pricing Communications Back Communications Deliver the connected future, faster. Explore communications solutions Unify the Telecom Customer Journey Accelerate Communication Sales Simplify Wholesale Transactions Light Up Fiber Experiences Fulfill the Perfect Order Optimize Telecom Customer Service Communications Cloud Communications Cloud Pricing Construction & Real Estate Back Engineering, Construction & Real Estate Achieve operational excellence. Explore engineering, construction, and real estate solutions Real Estate Engineering & Construction Residential & Commercial Services Consumer Goods Back Consumer Goods Deliver profitable growth. Explore consumer goods solutions Fast-Moving Consumer Goods Home Durables Distributors Apparel, Footwear, and Accessories Beauty Consumer Goods Cloud Consumer Goods Cloud Pricing Education Back Education Deliver connected education journeys for life on the #1 AI CRM.​ Explore education solutions Recruitment & Admissions Academic Operations Student Success Advancement & Alumni Relations Communications, Marketing, and Engagement Lifelong Learning K-12 Education Cloud Education Cloud Pricing Energy & Utilities Back Energy & Utilities Lead the energy transition. Explore energy & utilities solutions Power & Utilities Oil & Gas Energy & Utilities Cloud Energy & Utilities Cloud Pricing Financial Services Back Financial Services Empower your customers’ financial success with trusted AI. Explore financial services solutions Agentforce for Financial Services Financial Services Cloud Financial Services Cloud Pricing Healthcare Back Healthcare Accelerate outcomes with Agentforce 360 for Health. Explore healthcare solutions Provider Payer Public Sector Health Health Cloud Health Cloud Pricing Life Sciences Back Life Sciences Improve clinical and commercial outcomes with Agentforce 360 for Life Sciences. Explore life sciences solutions Pharma MedTech Life Sciences Cloud Life Sciences Cloud Pricing Manufacturing Back Manufacturing Connect the value chain. Explore manufacturing solutions Modernize Commercial Operations Transform the Service Experience Simplify Partner Engagement Manufacturing Cloud Manufacturing Cloud Pricing Media Back Media Cultivate loyal audiences faster. Explore media solutions Accelerate Advertising Sales Automate Media and Entertainment Processes Grow Subscriber Relationships Maximize Audience Engagement Streamline Production and Operations Media Cloud Media Cloud Pricing Nonprofit Back Nonprofit Build relationships that drive change. Explore nonprofit solutions Fundraising Marketing and Engagement Program and Outcome Management IT Operations for Nonprofit Grantmaking Volunteer Management Nonprofit Cloud Nonprofit Cloud Pricing Professional Services Back Professional Services Increase client trust. Explore professional services solutions Accounting, Tax, and Audit Consulting Staffing and Recruiting Legal Public Sector Back Public Sector Modernize government service. Explore public sector solutions Federal/National State and Local Defense and National Security Government Cloud Public Sector Solutions Government Cloud Pricing Public Sector Apps Pricing Retail Back Retail Smarter retail starts with Salesforce. Explore retail solutions Fashion Restaurants Grocery, Drug, and Convenience Stores Mass Merchants and Department Stores Technology Back Technology Drive cost-efficient growth with intelligent automated processes. Explore technology solutions Unlock Partner Growth Drive Recurring Revenue Travel, Transportation & Hospitality Back Travel, Transportation & Hospitality Deliver connected experiences. Explore travel, transportation, and hospitality experiences Travel Transportation and Logistics Hospitality See all industries Explore Salesforce for industries. Get industry-specific innovations that modernize your business, save time, and lower costs. See all industries Explore Salesforce for industries. Get industry-specific innovations that modernize your business, save time, and lower costs. See all industries Customers Back Customers Customer Stories Back Customer Stories Explore success stories from customers of all sizes, in every industry. See all stories Tableau Stories MuleSoft Stories Slack Stories Heroku Stories Salesforce on Salesforce Stories Back Salesforce on Salesforce Stories Explore success stories of how Salesforce uses our own technology to run every part of our business. See all stories Trailblazer Stories Back Trailblazer Stories Meet the innovators driving business impact and building successful careers with Salesforce. See all stories Trailblazer Series Trailblazer 360 Blog Be a Trailblazer Explore success stories. See how our customers transform their businesses with CRM + AI + Data + Trust. See all stories Explore success stories. See how our customers transform their businesses with CRM + AI + Data + Trust. See all stories Events Back Events Dreamforce Back Dreamforce Join us September 15-17 in San Francisco and on Salesforce+ to experience the Agentic Enterprise — powered by you, amplified by agents. Register now Why Dreamforce Hear from AI visionaries, learn through hands-on training, and explore real customer use cases — all in one place. Sessions Explore 1,600+ sessions covering every industry, role, and product, designed to help you solve any business challenge. FAQs Find answers to all your event questions about registration, travel, and onsite tips. TDX Back TDX Relive the innovation and inspiration of TDX 2026 with on-demand keynotes, sessions, and highlights available anytime on Salesforce+. Learn more Save the date for TDX 2027 Sign up today for an exclusive low price, speaker announcements, and a sneak peek at the deep technical sessions and hands-on workshops. TDX 2026 Main Keynote Discover how to build your Agentic Enterprise with Salesforce and unlock the power of humans and agents driving customer success together. Best of TDX 2026 Explore the biggest announcements, launches, and innovations from TDX 2026. Connections Back Connections Join us at the marketing event of the year, where bold marketers and breakthrough agents come together to drive big impact. Register now Why Attend Discover how Connections helps you lead with experiences that adapt to every customer, and gives you the tools to become an Agentic Enterprise. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, accessibility, and how to make the most of your Connections experience. Tableau Conference Back Tableau Conference Join us at the data and analytics event of the year, where AI, analytics, and trusted data come together to power better decisions. Register now Why Attend Discover how Tableau Conference helps you turn data into action. Learn what’s new, sharpen your skills, and connect with the global Tableau community shaping the future of analytics. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, accessibility, and how to make the most of your Tableau Conference experience. Informatica World Back Informatica World Join us at Informatica World to ignite your data strategy, unlock AI’s full potential, and lead your organization into the future. Register now Sessions Browse sessions designed to advance your AI-ready data journey, from keynotes to hands-on deep dives. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, and how to make the most of your experience. Agentforce World Tours Back Agentforce World Tours Join us in cities around the world to experience the latest Salesforce innovations in apps, data, and agents. Connect with leaders and experts from your industry at an Agentforce World Tour near you. Learn more Find an Agentforce World Tour in a city near you Browse current Agentforce World Tour events, or sign up today to be the first to know when one is coming to a city near you Agentforce World Tour New York Explore 140+ expert-led sessions, demos, and hands-on trainings featuring Dreamforce’s boldest launches. All in one day, all for free. Agentforce World Tour Chicago Experience the Dreamforce innovations that power Agentic Enterprises with expert-led sessions, demos, and hands-on trainings. All in one day, all for free. Salesforce+ Back Salesforce+ Fuel your professional growth and transform your company with our free live streaming and on-demand events. Visit Salesforce+ Watch Dreamforce On-Demand Stream the world’s largest, most trusted technology event. Agentforce and AI Join us to learn how AI agents are driving customer success. Data, Analytics, and Integration Explore data and AI demos, trainings, and release announcements. My List Save inspiring content to watch later. More Salesforce Events Back More Salesforce Events Dive into highlights from past events and explore on-demand content for every role and industry. See all events Webinars Join live webinars or listen to on-demand webinars at any time. Community Led Learn from peers, build your Salesforce network, and give back to the community. Customer Success Events Build product knowledge and get implementation and adoption guidance from Salesforce experts. Developer Events Learn and get hands-on the with the latest product innovations. Local User Groups Join groups to meet, collaborate, and learn new skills with Trailblazers. Salesforce Events Join us in person or on Salesforce+ to experience expert-led learning and groundbreaking innovation. See all events Salesforce Events Join us in person or on Salesforce+ to experience expert-led learning and groundbreaking innovation. See all events Learning Back Learning Learning on Trailhead Back Learning on Trailhead Skill up for the future from anywhere with Trailhead, our free, online learning platform. Explore Trailhead Trails Explore guided learning paths to quickly learn in-demand skills. Expert-led Learning Accelerate learning with access to Salesforce experts. Salesforce Certification Earn resume-worthy Salesforce credentials. Career Paths Find your career in the Salesforce ecosystem. Try Salesforce for Free Back Try Salesforce for Free Explore free trial offers for Salesforce data, analytics, and CRM products — for any size business, in any industry. Get started Starter Suite The marketing, sales, service, and commerce tools you need to succeed — all in a single CRM suite. Developer Edition Build enterprise-quality apps fast and get hands-on with Agentforce and Data Cloud. New to Salesforce Back New to Salesforce Salesforce is the #1 AI CRM, with AI agents, data, and CRM apps on a single, unified platform. Learn more about Salesforce What is CRM? Learn all about what CRM is, what it does, and how it can improve customer relationships. What is Customer 360? Salesforce’s category-leading apps for sales, service, marketing, commerce, IT, and more. What are AI agents? Learn more about AI agents and how they can help your business. What is Agentforce? It’s always-on digital labor augmenting every employee, department, and business process to improve customer experiences. Blogs Back Blogs Discover tips and insights from experts to supercharge your digital journey. Explore all blogs The 360 Blog Get the latest on AI, data, digital labor, and more. AI Research Blog Keep up with Salesforce’s AI research team and stay on the cutting edge of technology. Developer Blog Get the latest tooling innovation news, insights, and inspiration. Salesblazer Grow your career with the latest in sales content, training, and events — all part of the world’s leading sales community. Resources Back Resources Find free articles, guides, best practices, research, and more. Explore all resources Analyst Reports Read the latest studies and reports from the world’s best-known business analysts. Partners Explore industry-leading Salesforce partner apps and experts. Developer Documentation Get developer guides, tutorials, sample code, and API references. Newsletter Sign up to receive the latest Salesforce tips and insights, tailored just for you. Become a Trailblazer. Unlock free hands-on learning, our global community, original series, and support. Join for free Become a Trailblazer. Unlock free hands-on learning, our global community, original series, and support. Join for free Support Back Support Help & Documentation Back Help & Documentation Need help? Ask Agentforce. Find documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more – all the support you need, wherever you need it. Ask Agentforce on Salesforce Help Known Issues Find up-to-date information and status about our technology bugs and workarounds. Developer Documentation Find tutorials, sample code, developer guides, and API references. Architecture Center Explore diagrams, decision guides, and resources to build trusted, easy, and adaptable solutions. Communities Back Communities Meet people, learn skills, find apps and experts, and share feedback by joining Salesforce communities. Explore communities Trailblazer Community Connect with peers to learn skills and grow. Slack Community Connect with Slack end users, admins, and developers. MuleSoft Community Connect with MuleSoft developers, architects and business users. Tableau Community Connect with Tableau analysts, admins, developers and business users. Partner Community Collaborate, learn, and manage your partner business. IdeaExchange Help us build the Salesforce roadmap by sharing your feedback. Services & Plans Back Services & Plans Reach your goals with our customer success experts. See all services Success Plans Get the right level of support and guidance to grow your business. Professional Services Implement, innovate, and transform your enterprise with help from Salesforce experts. Account Management Back Account Management Manage your Salesforce subscriptions and contracts. Explore Your Account features. Your Account App Make payments, buy products, and manage renewals (Salesforce login required). Billing Portal Access invoices and make payments (Trailblazer ID login required). Digital Wallet Track and manage consumption with near-real time usage data. Questions? We can help. Get answers fast with Agentforce. Explore product documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more. Get started Questions? We can help. Get answers fast with Agentforce. Explore product documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more. Get started Company Back Company About Salesforce Back About Salesforce Learn about our history, products, and values. See our story What Is Salesforce? Leadership Global Offices Salesforce Swag Store Salesforce Ventures Investor Relations Our Values Back Our Values We are guided by our values and strive to do well in business while doing good in our communities. See what drives us Trust Customer success Innovation Equality Sustainability Our Impact Back Our Impact Business is the greatest platform for change. We use the full power of Salesforce to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders. Learn about our Impact initiatives Equality Accessibility Sustainability Philanthropy Ethical and Humane Use Public Policy Careers Back Careers Start a new journey with us – a career here at Salesforce. See all careers University Recruiting News Back Newsroom Stay informed with the latest news and announcements, fresh off the press. Visit the newsroom Analyst Reports Quarter in Review Legal Back Legal Find answers to your questions about Salesforce agreement terms, policies, intellectual property, corporate governance and compliance for customers, employees, partners and suppliers. See legal For Customers For Partners and Alliances For Suppliers Terms of Service TMCU Guidelines DMCA Privacy Info Compliance Product Accessibility Status Governance More Salesforce Brands Back More Salesforce Brands Explore the Salesforce brands delivering success now. See our brands Slack Tableau MuleSoft Informatica Heroku Hear our story. We believe in building relationships – not just between companies and customers, but among our global communities. Learn about us Hear our story. We believe in building relationships – not just between companies and customers, but among our global communities. Learn about us Contact Us Back Contact Us Contact Us ‍ Change Region Back Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) ‍ Contact Us Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) Change Region ‍ Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) Start for free Start for free Join real Agentforce customers as they break down how to build an AI agent. Register today Build, deploy, and manage AI agents at scale. Agentforce is the only enterprise agentic AI solution that elevates every experience by bringing together humans, applications, AI agents, and data. Now any company can safely deploy agents that work for their customers, suppliers, and employees 24/7. Teams can manage the complete agent development lifecycle with a robust set of tools to build, test, deploy, manage, and orchestrate AI agents at scale. Let humans do what they do best, and let Agentforce do the rest. Watch demos Join thousands of other companies who are unleashing digital labor with Agentforce. Agentforce Labs Explore experimental features, test new ideas, and build the future alongside Agentforce Product and Engineering teams. Learn more Real Agents. Real Brands. Real Results. Explore interactive demos of the AI agents driving live results for global brands, and see how they were configured in Agentforce. See the demos Take a Tour of the Agentforce 360 Platform Click through an interactive tour of all the latest Agentforce features using relevant AI Agent use cases. Take the Tour Agentforce Builder The all-new Agentforce Builder unifies drafting, testing, and deployment into a single conversational workspace, collapsing the traditional build-and-test loop. Teams can start by building with AI guidance, then refine in a document-like editor with autocomplete, low-code canvas, or pro-code script view — all in one modern experience. Learn more Agent Script Agent Script brings a new way to control Agentforce to pair deterministic workflows with flexible LLM reasoning. This gives enterprises hybrid reasoning agents that are both precise and adaptable. Required business logic always runs in sequence, while LLM reasoning handles nuance, ensuring predictable outcomes with natural, conversational experiences. Learn more Agentforce Voice Agentforce Voice brings AI-powered voice capabilities to all channels, enabling fast and natural conversations across phone, web, and mobile. Customize agents to match your brand's unique voice, ensuring consistent and trusted support for your customers. Learn more Intelligent Context Intelligent Context extracts and structures information from complex, unstructured sources so agents can deliver responses that are accurate and relevant to the job to be done. This includes a new low-code pipeline for unstructured, multimodal data processing, drastically reducing configuration time. Learn more Agentforce can transform any team and workflow with AI agents. The most complete enterprise agentic platform. Agentforce is a complete, extensible, and open platform, letting you build and deploy digital labor for your customers and employees leveraging the existing workflows, data, and integrations that power your business today. Agentforce can take action across every channel and be integrated into any system, making it easy to add agentic automation across your entire business. Learn more Tools to manage the entire agent lifecycle. Build, test, and supervise Agentforce with low-code and pro-code tools to deploy AI agents with confidence. AI powered assistance helps you configure Agentforce from natural language, and helps batch test at scale. Powerful supervision tools help you understand how Agentforce is performing and gives suggestions on how to refine the configuration. Learn more Relevant, accurate results for every business. The Atlas Reasoning Engine is how Agentforce understands, decides, and acts autonomously to provide trusted, accurate answers for every request. It starts by understanding the user intent and scope of the problem, deciding what data is needed and what actions are required, and then autonomously executes those actions to complete the task. Learn more Trust and guardrails, out-of-the-box. Agentforce contains a powerful set of low code guardrails and security tools designed to keep data secure, prevent abuse, and reduce hallucinated and biased responses. These guardrails are on by default and are easily configurable by admins and business users to ensure Agentforce performs the way they should and not deviate from their instructions. Learn more Agentforce powers any use case. Engage with customers and prospects 24/7, provide instant support to every employee, and seamlessly hand-off to humans when needed. click images below to enlarge Explore pre-built use cases Customer Service Provide always-on support for customers to help with answering questions, resolving cases, managing orders, and troubleshooting issues Benefit : Reduced response times, always on service, cost savings. Sales Development Drive growth around the clock by autonomously answering product questions, handling objections, and booking meetings for sales reps. Benefit : Efficiency boost, increased win rates, shorter deal cycles. Employee Support Give every employee a task-specific, highly specialized AI agent to help them by answering questions and automating routine tasks. Benefit : Higher productivity, faster resolution time. Deep Research Have Agentforce work behind the scenes to process data and perform long running tasks to improve productivity for any department. Benefit : Cost savings, higher productivity, more complete data. Coaching and Teaching Build every employee customizable learning journeys that are conversational, flexible, and based on their role or persona. Benefit : Improved learning outcomes, scalability and global accessibility. Product Recommendation Provide personalized recommendations using latest product information, upsell and cross-sell products based on context. Benefit : Drive business growth and customer loyalty. Attendee Support Automate communications about event information and details, book sessions, provide event logistics and surveys. Benefit : Personalized marketing, streamlined experience. Appointment Scheduling Schedule appointments based on history and context, send appointment follow-ups, send reschedule and reminder notifications. Benefit : Accelerated scale and personalization, op cost savings. Agentforce powers every Industry. Harness the workflows, data, and actions within Industry Clouds to make relevant, accurate, autonomous agents for every industry. Configure AI agents that speak the language of your industry, using your data and existing industry business logic like Prompts, Flows, APEX, and APIs. Healthcare Autonomously engages with patients, providers, and payers to resolve inquiries, provide summaries, and take action across multiple channels. Banking Autonomously analyzes data, proactively manages client requests, and provides personalized service across retail, commercial, and investment banking. Retail Autonomously share campaign insights, proactively manage customer outreach, and resolve cases for fashion, grocery, and convenience retailers. Operations Autonomously helps Operations teams manage plan creation, resourcing needs, and track progress across teams. CX Autonomously analyze customer surveys and reviews, proactively suggest customer retention improvements, and manage omni-channel experiences. Analytics Autonomously share data insights, conduct visualizations, and suggest data-driven actions to take. IT Autonomously monitor security threat detection, share network insights, and resolve customer and employee helpdesk support cases. Finance Autonomously share insights on financial reporting and risk assessments, act on fraud detection, and resolve compliance-related queries. Explore all use cases Trusted AI, built-in Agentforce contains a powerful set of low-code guardrails and security tools that keep data secure, prevent abuse, and reduce hallucinated and biased responses. Agent Guardrails Agentforce Guardrails combine user-defined safeguards and Salesforce managed protections to foster trust and maintain control over agent behavior. Key mechanisms work in concert to prevent deviations from core instructions, block off-topic or inappropriate conversations, and mitigate risks such as hallucination, bias, or the dissemination of incorrect information. Data Protection The Einstein Trust Layer is a robust set of features and guardrails that protect the privacy and security of your data, improve the safety and accuracy of your AI results, and promote the responsible use of AI across the Salesforce ecosystem. With features like dynamic grounding, zero data retention, and toxicity detection, the Einstein Trust Layer is designed to help you unleash the power of generative AI without compromising your safety or security standards. Data Governance and Security The Agentforce 360 Platform is built on a foundation of trust, including security testing, site reliability, disaster recovery, least privileged access, and core access controls embedded into our deeply unified platform. Our shared responsibility model allows customers to establish a robust governance foundation with built-in security controls while offering additional solutions to customize and strengthen data security, compliance, and resilience, including products to encrypt, audit, monitor, mask, protect, manage, backup, and archive data. Explore more. How Agentforce Works Agentforce uses data, reasoning, and actions to perform any task. Learn more Why Agentforce See how Agentforce boosts teams – and why we beat the competition. Learn more How Agentforce Helps Employees Build task-specific, highly specialized agents for any employee. Learn more Agent Builder Configure Agentforce, Subagents, Actions, and Instructions in a few clicks. Learn more Agentforce Dev Tools Get low-code and pro-code tools to manage the entire Agentforce development lifecycle. Learn more Get started with Agentforce now. Connect your AI agents to external data and tools with Salesforce’s Agentforce Model Content Protocol (MCP) servers. With Salesforce and the partner ecosystem, alongside AgentExchange’s marketplace of trusted AI solutions, Agentforce powers a new era of digital labor. With MCP, you can fast-track agent deployment, integrate with third-party platforms, and get expert guidance to scale from proof of concept to enterprise-wide adoption. AgentExchange Extend Agentforce with AgentExchange. Discover the trusted marketplace for ready-to-use agent actions and templates. See how View our MCP partners Earn Agentblazer Status Status highlights your skills and hands-on experience building autonomous agents to create a digital workforce. Advance through the levels from Champion to Legend to gain the skills to drive agentic change in your organization and achieve your career goals. Start learning Thank you for rating Agentforce 4.5 stars on G2. Proud to be recognized as the #1 platform in Agentic AI. Read the reviews Unlock your Agentforce potential Video Salesforce hit 1M+ support requests with Agentforce. Learn how you can, too. Watch on SF+ Report Futurum report explains why Agentforce is the fastest path to enterprise value. Read the report Guide The Agentforce Guide to Reasoning, Subagents, Instructions and Actions. Learn more Blog Flexible pricing is a full circle moment for Salesforce. Learn more Ready to take the next step with Agentforce? Build agents fast. Take a closer look at how agent building works in our library. Watch demos Get expert guidance. Launch Agentforce with speed, confidence, and ROI you can measure. See how Talk to a rep. Tell us about your business needs, and we’ll help you find answers. Contact us Agentforce Frequently Asked Questions What is an AI agent? AI Agents are autonomous, proactive applications designed to execute specialized tasks to help employees and customers. Agents use large language models ( LLMs ) to analyze and understand the full context of customer interactions or an automated trigger, then reason through decisions on the next steps autonomously. These agents generate responses that are consistent with your company’s brand voice and guidelines using trusted business data, including Salesforce CRM data, external data from Data 360 , and more. These agents are capable of operating 24/7 across various platforms like self-service portals and messaging channels, handling tasks proactively within set guardrails. When faced with complex issues beyond their scope, they can escalate the matter to human agents, ensuring that queries are resolved efficiently and accurately. How do you build AI agents? Businesses can build agents with Agent Builder using existing Agentforce 360 Platform tools to create standard and custom subagents and actions. You can use prompts grounded in trusted enterprise data. You can use Flows to create automations across any system. You can use MuleSoft API connectors to connect Agents to any system. And last, you can use your Apex & Javascript to create the custom code and business logic for your Agent. What types of AI agents are there? Businesses can create an agent for any role, any industry and to solve any use case. With Agentforce, it's ready to spin up out-of-the-box agents across service , sales , marketing , commerce , and more. Service Agent replaces traditional chatbots with AI that can handle a wide range of service issues without preprogrammed scenarios, improving customer service efficiency. Sales Development Representative (SDR) engages with prospects 24/7, answering questions, managing objections, and scheduling meetings based on CRM and external data, allowing your sellers to focus on building deeper customer relationships. Sales Coach provides personalized role-play sessions for your sales team, using Salesforce data and generative AI to help sellers practice pitches and objections tailored to specific deals. Merchandiser assists your ecommerce merchandisers with site setup, goal setting, personalized promotions, product descriptions, and data-driven insights, simplifying daily tasks. Buyer Agent enhances the B2B buying experience, helping your buyers find products, make purchases, and track orders via chat or within sales portals. Personal Shopper acts as a digital concierge on your ecommerce sites or messaging apps, offering personalized product recommendations and assisting with search queries. Campaign Optimizer automates the full campaign lifecycle, using AI to analyze, generate, personalize, and optimize marketing campaigns based on business goals. Agentforce (formerly Einstein Copilot) supports employees in the flow of their work with specific tasks by searching for data, creating action plans, and executing them to increase workplace efficiency. How does Einstein work? Einstein is natively embedded into the Agentforce 360 Platform and leverages data from CRM and external applications to provide insights, predictions, and generated content directly in the flow of work. What is an AI agent builder? An ai agent builder is a platform for building and customizing AI agents. With Agentforce, our low-code Agent Builder that makes it easy to customize out-of-the-box agents or build new agents for any role, any industry, or any use case using existing tools like Flows, Prompts, Apex, and MuleSoft APIs to configure their agents. Using Agent Builder, businesses can create a job to be done for their agent by defining subagents, writing natural language instructions within that subagent, and creating a library of actions for it to choose from. Users can also easily observe an agent’s plan of action and test their responses in Agent Builder. What is Agentforce? Agentforce is a proactive, autonomous AI application that answers questions, takes actions, and improves productivity. You can equip Agentforce with any necessary business knowledge to execute tasks according to its specific role. With Agentforce, customers can unlock a limitless digital labor force by leveraging autonomous AI agents that support their employees and customers 24/7. How does Agentforce work? Agentforce can reason through complex requests, safely retrieve accurate knowledge about your business, take action on your behalf, and scale across teams and departments. It starts with the Atlas Reasoning Engine, which breaks down the initial prompt into smaller tasks, evaluating at each step and proposing a plan for how to proceed until the complete answer or action is achieved. How much does Agentforce cost? Every Salesforce customer can get started with Agentforce for free, for any use case, with Salesforce Foundations. Our pricing options include Flex Credits, Conversations, or per-user licensing, designed to fit how and where you deploy AI. Intelligent Context Demo
