Source URL: https://www.salesforce.com/sales/performance-management/
Title: Best Sales Performance Management Software | Salesforce
Fetched at (unix): 1777286497

Best Sales Performance Management Software | Salesforce Skip to content Sales Cloud now offers a powerful commission engine to improve seller performance. Learn more Sales Performance Management Sell efficiently on an integrated platform with sales performance management software built directly into your CRM. Connect customer data to sales planning and execution. Design team structure, align and incentivize sellers, allocate targets, and empower reps to close deals faster with less manual work. Watch demo Drive growth with sales performance management software. Set teams up to attain quota faster and boost sales ops efficiency with solutions native to CRM. Motivate sellers to hit revenue targets faster. Incentive Compensation Management Watch demo Learn more Automate Plans and Workflows Easily build incentive compensation plans in minutes, and optimize for revenue growth. Streamline and automate even the most complex commission workflows. Eliminate manual processes, tedious admin work, and human error to achieve maximum efficiency. Real-Time Reporting and Dashboards Quickly create and export intuitive reports and dashboards. Empower reps with immediate visibility into commission trends, performance data, and personalized analytics. Maintain compliance under ASC 606 and IFRS 15 at all times with automated reporting. Cross-Functional Alignment Grow trust across teams with visibility into every commission calculation through commission tracing. Improve alignment and cross-functional collaboration with real-time comments and notifications. Share data across your current tech stack with robust and seamless integrations. Intelligently align targets, budget, and headcount. Sales Planning Watch demo Learn more Tailored Templates Tie each step of a sales plan to key customer data with Sales Planning. Import standard and custom objects and fields directly from the CRM to save hours and reduce errors. Efficiently segment accounts, align teams, and set targets and allocation with customer data as the foundation. Iterate on existing plans and build new plans based on team performance. Customer-Centric Alignment Bring CRM Analytics into plan design inside Sales Planning. Gather insights from records with ease and extract value from the entirety of the data. Filter, assess, and segment accounts specific to each team in the hierarchy. Improve targeting with key demographics, attributes, and data such as location, propensity to buy, and past purchase history. Intelligent Territory Assignment Automate territory design with equitable resource alignment. Apply segmentation and assign existing accounts to quota owners and overlay teams. Publish assignments to Salesforce when the plan is finished. Establish rules tailored for the business to auto-allocate future customers to the correct teams to maintain plan integrity. Optimize sales and service territories faster. Territory Planning Watch demo Get the ebook Territory Visualization Create map-based territory plans and assess coverage and performance gaps at the organization, seller, and agent level. Respond to current and projected market conditions and improve go-to-market strategies with an overlay of included business and economic data. Summarize customer attributes within or across territories for fast analysis and reporting. Automated Territory Design Balance territories automatically with an optimization engine built inside Salesforce. Save hundreds of hours in scenario planning and testing. Deliver equitable territories that maximize new and existing business coverage to reduce travel costs, reach quota attainment faster, and boost sales and service teams' satisfaction. Scenario Iteration and Collaboration Ensure plan relevance with easy-to-build alternative coverage scenarios for changing business and market conditions. Notify stakeholders of plan updates and collaborate on specific coverage models right in the app. Deploy updates to alignments straight to Salesforce or export results with just a few clicks. Boost field productivity with location intelligence. Salesforce Maps Watch demo Learn more Data Visualization Ditch the spreadsheets. Plot CRM and market data on a map-based interface to quickly surface actionable insights and fuel business decisions. View location-based insights alongside key customer information to determine next best actions. Location-Based Account Engagement Plan outreach on a map infused with CRM data. Consolidate and inform prospecting plans in relation to physical addresses. Speed up deal progression and focus efforts with quick selection of high-value accounts — all in a maps-based view. Field Optimization Improve field rep productivity by prioritizing the most relevant nearby customers and prospects. Schedule account visits efficiently and effectively with optimized multi-stop routes and embedded onsite guidance. Adjust schedules on the go to fill in unplanned gaps with nearby customers and prospects. Update CRM in real-time from mobile devices during site visits to capture next steps. Extend the power of your sales performance management software with these related products. Sales Planning Transform planning from clunky to intuitive with a native, end-to-end solution. Learn more Salesforce Spiff Empower sellers with real-time visibility into incentive pay to motivate peak performance. Learn more Salesforce Maps Bring location intelligence into your CRM to help reps visualize data and boost field productivity. Learn more Revenue Intelligence Close faster by equipping sales with purpose-built analytics and actionable insights throughout the sales cycle. Learn more View all products Sales Performance Management Pricing Some editions of Sales Cloud already include the Sales Performance Management products you need to sell more efficiently. For others, you can easily add on products to the #1 AI CRM. Currency converter US Dollar (USD) Australian Dollar (AUD) British Pound (GBP) Euro (EUR) Japanese Yen (JPY) Swedish Krona (SEK) Starter Suite The smart CRM suite with even more sales, service, marketing – plus commerce. $ 25 USD/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) $ 25 USD/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) 25 € EUR/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) AU$ 35 AUD/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) 3,000 円 JPY/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) 250 kr SEK/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) £ 20 GBP/User/Month (Billed monthly or annually) Lead, Account, Contact, and Opportunity Management Built-in Sales Flows and Lead Routing AI Automatically Syncs Emails, Events, and Contacts Dynamic Email Marketing and Analytics Try for free Pro Suite The flexible CRM suite with more automation and customization across sales, service, marketing, and commerce. $ 100 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) $ 100 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) 100 € EUR/User/Month (Billed annually) AU$ 140 AUD/User/Month (Billed annually) 12,000 円 JPY/User/Month (Billed annually) 1,000 kr SEK/User/Month (Billed annually) £ 80 GBP/User/Month (Billed annually) Everything in Starter Plus Greater Customization and Automation Sales Quoting and Forecasting Access to AppExchange Premier Support (add-on) Try for free Enterprise The CRM for sales with more flexibility and web API. $ 175 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) $ 175 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) 175 € EUR/User/Month (Billed annually) AU$ 245 AUD/User/Month (Billed annually) 21,000 円 JPY/User/Month (Billed annually) 1,750 kr SEK/User/Month (Billed annually) £ 140 GBP/User/Month (Billed annually) Everything in Pro Suite plus Advanced Pipeline Management & Deal Insights Conversation Intelligence Agentforce Try for free Unlimited The CRM for sales with intelligent automation and developer support built in. $ 350 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) $ 350 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) 350 € EUR/User/Month (Billed annually) AU$ 490 AUD/User/Month (Billed annually) 42,000 円 JPY/User/Month (Billed annually) 3,500 kr SEK/User/Month (Billed annually) £ 280 GBP/User/Month (Billed annually) Everything in Enterprise plus Predictive AI Conversation Intelligence and Sales Engagement Premier Success Plan and Full Sandbox Try for free Agentforce 1 Sales The complete Sales CRM with built-in AI and unified data. One platform that does it all. $ 550 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) $ 550 USD/User/Month (Billed annually) 550 € EUR/User/Month (Billed annually) AU$ 770 AUD/User/Month (Billed annually) 66,000 円 JPY/User/Month (Billed annually) 5,500 kr SEK/User/Month (Billed annually) £ 440 GBP/User/Month (Billed annually) Everything in Unlimited, plus our full suite of AI Unmetered Agentforce usage for employees Salesforce Spiff, Sales Planning, Sales Programs, Salesforce Maps, Tableau Next, and Slack Enterprise+ 1M Flex Credits & 2.5M Data Cloud Credits per org per year Contact us This page is provided for information purposes only and subject to change. Contact a sales representative for detailed pricing information. View detailed pricing Get the most out of sales performance management software with partner apps and experts. Accelerate revenue growth with thousands of prebuilt and consultant offerings on AgentExchange. Check them out today. Join the Salesblazer Community. Looking to meet and learn from fellow sales professionals? Our Salesblazer Community is the place for you. Sign up on Slack Become a Salesblazer with free, guided learning on Trailhead. Hit the ground running with sales performance management tips, tricks, and best practices. Guide Discover how to design and optimize your territory plan. Get the guide Guide Learn how to create a sales plan – with tips and examples. Get the guide Datasheet Deploy faster with Salesforce Maps Quick Starts. Get the partner datasheet See all resources Take the next step with us. Start your trial. Try Sales Cloud free for 30 days. No credit card, no installations. Try for free Talk to an expert. Tell us a bit more so the right person can reach out faster. Request a call Stay up to date. Get the latest research, industry insights, and product news delivered straight to your inbox. Sign up for newsletter Sales Performance Management FAQs Sales Perfomance Management Common Questions What is sales performance management (SPM) software? At its core, sales performance management software (otherwise known as SPM), helps sales teams identify performance goals, monitor performance (as a team and individually), and improve performance via training and coaching. As part of this, it frequently includes commission and incentive management. What are the benefits of sales performance management software? Sales performance management software improves sales performance through goal setting, data exploration and segmentation, territory management, and increased efficiency through automation of sales management tasks. Sales performance management software also drives better decision-making through real-time data and analytics. How does sales performance management software work? Sales performance management software orchestrates all of the core elements of sales management on a single platform, including goal setting, enablement, coaching, territory management, and compensation management. It also provides real-time performance analytics that help businesses optimize their sales strategies. The best sales performance management tools include automation and AI features that remove tedious manual work otherwise handled by sales managers and leaders. Key features of sales performance management (SPM) software Sales performance management software (sometimes referred to as SPM) has a number of key features. It allows managers to set goals for sales teams, tracks progress toward those goals, automates commission calculation and tracking, and reports on both rep and team performance. Most SPM software will also include coaching and training elements, too, to ensure that reps are not just onboarded successfully but receive ongoing support to ensure consistently high performance. How do I choose the right sales performance management software? To choose the right sales performance management software, consider enablement and tracking features necessary for your industry or business, integration with existing sales and CRM systems, user-friendliness, customizability, and security. How does SPM software measure sales performance? The measurement of sales performance by SPM software is usually represented via a dashboard or periodic report within the platform. This commonly displays performance based on individual metrics (like quota) and team metrics (like sales targets). More granular reporting can be available, such as performance based on segment or industry vertical (e.g. healthcare prospects). How does SPM software improve sales team motivation? SPM software motivates teams by sharing details about and tracking of performance-based incentives (commissions and bonuses), providing tools/resources for training and coaching, and creating general visibility into individual and team performance. What is sales performance management? Sales performance management (SPM) is a process that helps businesses set sales goals and optimize reps' overall performance via ongoing coaching, enablement, and feedback. It involves a range of activities, from rep onboarding to sales planning, territory management, and compensation management. What sales KPIs should my organization track for performance? To effectively monitor and drive sales performance, track key sales KPIs such as growth rate, customer acquisition cost, customer lifetime value, win rate, and average deal size. What is incentive compensation management? Incentive compensation management is the process of designing, implementing, and managing pay that motivates and rewards top sales performance. What is sales enablement? Sales enablement is the process of providing sales teams with the resources, tools, and training they need to effectively engage buyers and close deals. Writers drafted these FAQs with the help of AI.
