Source URL: https://www.salesforce.com/data/
Title: Data 360 (Formerly Data Cloud) | Salesforce
Fetched at (unix): 1777286463

Data 360 (Formerly Data Cloud) | Salesforce Skip to content Products Back Products All Products Agentforce Back Agentforce Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore Agentforce How Agentforce works Why Agentforce? Agentforce Builder Agentforce Voice Agentforce Dev Tools AgentExchange Agentforce Supply Chain Customer Stories Use Cases Agentforce Pricing Sales Back Sales Boost pipeline, win rate, and revenue with Sales Cloud. See all sales solutions Sales Force Automation Sales AI Sales Agents Sales Performance Management Partner Cloud Revenue Lifecycle Management CPQ Sales Pricing Service Back Service Cut service costs with humans & AI agents on one platform. See all service solutions Customer Service Management Field Service and Operations Contact Center IT Service Service Portal Service Analytics Customer Service AI HR Service Service Pricing Marketing Back Marketing Personalize every moment of engagement across the customer lifecycle with AI agents, actionable data, and workflows. See all marketing solutions Marketing AI Email Marketing, Mobile, & Advertising B2B Marketing Automation Personalization Marketing Analytics Customer Data Platform Loyalty Management Small Business Marketing Marketing Pricing Commerce Back Commerce Increase revenue and deliver consistent customer experiences across online, in-store, and mobile channels with Commerce Cloud. See all commerce solutions B2C Commerce B2B Commerce Order Management Commerce AI Payments Commerce Innovations Point of Sale Commerce Pricing Analytics Back Analytics Empower every user, in every industry to transform trusted data into actionable insights, wherever they work. Explore analytics solutions Tableau Next Tableau Semantics Tableau CRM Analytics Data Culture Analytics Pricing Slack Back Slack Bring your people, agents data, apps and Salesforce solutions to where work happens in Slack. Learn about Slack and Salesforce AI-Powered Productivity Slackbot Slack Platform Salesforce in Slack Agentforce in Slack Salesforce channels Pricing CRM Small Business Back Small Business Find more customers, win their business, and keep them happy with tools that help you work smarter, not harder. Explore small business solutions Free Suite Starter Suite Pro Suite Marketing Sales Service Commerce Productivity with Slack Small Business Pricing Data Back Data Bring together, understand, and act on all your data, from any source. Explore Data 360 How Data 360 Works How Connectivity Works Data Security & Privacy Connectors Directory Analytics Platform Back Agentforce 360 Platform Build and customize your Agentforce and Customer 360 with the Agentforce 360 Platform. See all platform capabilities Agentforce Artificial Intelligence Agentforce & AI App Development Data Security & Privacy Informatica Analytics MuleSoft Flow Automation Heroku Net Zero Back Net Zero Sustainability, simplified with Agentforce. See all Net Zero solutions Agentforce for Net Zero Cloud Net Zero Cloud Net Zero Marketplace Net Zero Pricing Customer Success Back Customer Success Reach your goals with our customer success experts. See all services Success Plans Professional Services Plans & Services Pricing Partner Apps & Experts Back Partner Apps & Experts Get the most out of Salesforce with partners, agents, apps, and consultants. About our partners AgentExchange Partner Apps Consultants Become a Partner Pricing Back Pricing Find pricing options for each Salesforce product. See all product pricing Flex Credit Calculator Enter your company’s specific needs and receive custom pricing details. Product Support Discover the #1 AI CRM Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore the Salesforce portfolio Discover the #1 AI CRM Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore the Salesforce portfolio Industries Back Industries Automotive Back Automotive Drive a lifetime of loyalty. Explore automotive solutions OEM Dealer/Retailers Captive Software-Defined Vehicle (SDV) Automotive Cloud Automotive Pricing Communications Back Communications Deliver the connected future, faster. Explore communications solutions Unify the Telecom Customer Journey Accelerate Communication Sales Simplify Wholesale Transactions Light Up Fiber Experiences Fulfill the Perfect Order Optimize Telecom Customer Service Communications Cloud Communications Cloud Pricing Construction & Real Estate Back Engineering, Construction & Real Estate Achieve operational excellence. Explore engineering, construction, and real estate solutions Real Estate Engineering & Construction Residential & Commercial Services Consumer Goods Back Consumer Goods Deliver profitable growth. Explore consumer goods solutions Fast-Moving Consumer Goods Home Durables Distributors Apparel, Footwear, and Accessories Beauty Consumer Goods Cloud Consumer Goods Cloud Pricing Education Back Education Deliver connected education journeys for life on the #1 AI CRM.​ Explore education solutions Recruitment & Admissions Academic Operations Student Success Advancement & Alumni Relations Communications, Marketing, and Engagement Lifelong Learning K-12 Education Cloud Education Cloud Pricing Energy & Utilities Back Energy & Utilities Lead the energy transition. Explore energy & utilities solutions Power & Utilities Oil & Gas Energy & Utilities Cloud Energy & Utilities Cloud Pricing Financial Services Back Financial Services Empower your customers’ financial success with trusted AI. Explore financial services solutions Agentforce for Financial Services Financial Services Cloud Financial Services Cloud Pricing Healthcare Back Healthcare Accelerate outcomes with Agentforce 360 for Health. Explore healthcare solutions Provider Payer Public Sector Health Health Cloud Health Cloud Pricing Life Sciences Back Life Sciences Improve clinical and commercial outcomes with Agentforce 360 for Life Sciences. Explore life sciences solutions Pharma MedTech Life Sciences Cloud Life Sciences Cloud Pricing Manufacturing Back Manufacturing Connect the value chain. Explore manufacturing solutions Modernize Commercial Operations Transform the Service Experience Simplify Partner Engagement Manufacturing Cloud Manufacturing Cloud Pricing Media Back Media Cultivate loyal audiences faster. Explore media solutions Accelerate Advertising Sales Automate Media and Entertainment Processes Grow Subscriber Relationships Maximize Audience Engagement Streamline Production and Operations Media Cloud Media Cloud Pricing Nonprofit Back Nonprofit Build relationships that drive change. Explore nonprofit solutions Fundraising Marketing and Engagement Program and Outcome Management IT Operations for Nonprofit Grantmaking Volunteer Management Nonprofit Cloud Nonprofit Cloud Pricing Professional Services Back Professional Services Increase client trust. Explore professional services solutions Accounting, Tax, and Audit Consulting Staffing and Recruiting Legal Public Sector Back Public Sector Modernize government service. Explore public sector solutions Federal/National State and Local Defense and National Security Government Cloud Public Sector Solutions Government Cloud Pricing Public Sector Apps Pricing Retail Back Retail Smarter retail starts with Salesforce. Explore retail solutions Fashion Restaurants Grocery, Drug, and Convenience Stores Mass Merchants and Department Stores Technology Back Technology Drive cost-efficient growth with intelligent automated processes. Explore technology solutions Unlock Partner Growth Drive Recurring Revenue Travel, Transportation & Hospitality Back Travel, Transportation & Hospitality Deliver connected experiences. Explore travel, transportation, and hospitality experiences Travel Transportation and Logistics Hospitality See all industries Explore Salesforce for industries. Get industry-specific innovations that modernize your business, save time, and lower costs. See all industries Explore Salesforce for industries. Get industry-specific innovations that modernize your business, save time, and lower costs. See all industries Customers Back Customers Customer Stories Back Customer Stories Explore success stories from customers of all sizes, in every industry. See all stories Tableau Stories MuleSoft Stories Slack Stories Heroku Stories Salesforce on Salesforce Stories Back Salesforce on Salesforce Stories Explore success stories of how Salesforce uses our own technology to run every part of our business. See all stories Trailblazer Stories Back Trailblazer Stories Meet the innovators driving business impact and building successful careers with Salesforce. See all stories Trailblazer Series Trailblazer 360 Blog Be a Trailblazer Explore success stories. See how our customers transform their businesses with CRM + AI + Data + Trust. See all stories Explore success stories. See how our customers transform their businesses with CRM + AI + Data + Trust. See all stories Events Back Events Dreamforce Back Dreamforce Join us September 15-17 in San Francisco and on Salesforce+ to experience the Agentic Enterprise — powered by you, amplified by agents. Register now Why Dreamforce Hear from AI visionaries, learn through hands-on training, and explore real customer use cases — all in one place. Sessions Explore 1,600+ sessions covering every industry, role, and product, designed to help you solve any business challenge. FAQs Find answers to all your event questions about registration, travel, and onsite tips. TDX Back TDX Relive the innovation and inspiration of TDX 2026 with on-demand keynotes, sessions, and highlights available anytime on Salesforce+. Learn more Save the date for TDX 2027 Sign up today for an exclusive low price, speaker announcements, and a sneak peek at the deep technical sessions and hands-on workshops. TDX 2026 Main Keynote Discover how to build your Agentic Enterprise with Salesforce and unlock the power of humans and agents driving customer success together. Best of TDX 2026 Explore the biggest announcements, launches, and innovations from TDX 2026. Connections Back Connections Join us at the marketing event of the year, where bold marketers and breakthrough agents come together to drive big impact. Register now Why Attend Discover how Connections helps you lead with experiences that adapt to every customer, and gives you the tools to become an Agentic Enterprise. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, accessibility, and how to make the most of your Connections experience. Tableau Conference Back Tableau Conference Join us at the data and analytics event of the year, where AI, analytics, and trusted data come together to power better decisions. Register now Why Attend Discover how Tableau Conference helps you turn data into action. Learn what’s new, sharpen your skills, and connect with the global Tableau community shaping the future of analytics. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, accessibility, and how to make the most of your Tableau Conference experience. Informatica World Back Informatica World Join us at Informatica World to ignite your data strategy, unlock AI’s full potential, and lead your organization into the future. Register now Sessions Browse sessions designed to advance your AI-ready data journey, from keynotes to hands-on deep dives. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, and how to make the most of your experience. Agentforce World Tours Back Agentforce World Tours Join us in cities around the world to experience the latest Salesforce innovations in apps, data, and agents. Connect with leaders and experts from your industry at an Agentforce World Tour near you. Learn more Find an Agentforce World Tour in a city near you Browse current Agentforce World Tour events, or sign up today to be the first to know when one is coming to a city near you Agentforce World Tour New York Explore 140+ expert-led sessions, demos, and hands-on trainings featuring Dreamforce’s boldest launches. All in one day, all for free. Agentforce World Tour Chicago Experience the Dreamforce innovations that power Agentic Enterprises with expert-led sessions, demos, and hands-on trainings. All in one day, all for free. Salesforce+ Back Salesforce+ Fuel your professional growth and transform your company with our free live streaming and on-demand events. Visit Salesforce+ Watch Dreamforce On-Demand Stream the world’s largest, most trusted technology event. Agentforce and AI Join us to learn how AI agents are driving customer success. Data, Analytics, and Integration Explore data and AI demos, trainings, and release announcements. My List Save inspiring content to watch later. More Salesforce Events Back More Salesforce Events Dive into highlights from past events and explore on-demand content for every role and industry. See all events Webinars Join live webinars or listen to on-demand webinars at any time. Community Led Learn from peers, build your Salesforce network, and give back to the community. Customer Success Events Build product knowledge and get implementation and adoption guidance from Salesforce experts. Developer Events Learn and get hands-on the with the latest product innovations. Local User Groups Join groups to meet, collaborate, and learn new skills with Trailblazers. Salesforce Events Join us in person or on Salesforce+ to experience expert-led learning and groundbreaking innovation. See all events Salesforce Events Join us in person or on Salesforce+ to experience expert-led learning and groundbreaking innovation. See all events Learning Back Learning Learning on Trailhead Back Learning on Trailhead Skill up for the future from anywhere with Trailhead, our free, online learning platform. Explore Trailhead Trails Explore guided learning paths to quickly learn in-demand skills. Expert-led Learning Accelerate learning with access to Salesforce experts. Salesforce Certification Earn resume-worthy Salesforce credentials. Career Paths Find your career in the Salesforce ecosystem. Try Salesforce for Free Back Try Salesforce for Free Explore free trial offers for Salesforce data, analytics, and CRM products — for any size business, in any industry. Get started Starter Suite The marketing, sales, service, and commerce tools you need to succeed — all in a single CRM suite. Developer Edition Build enterprise-quality apps fast and get hands-on with Agentforce and Data Cloud. New to Salesforce Back New to Salesforce Salesforce is the #1 AI CRM, with AI agents, data, and CRM apps on a single, unified platform. Learn more about Salesforce What is CRM? Learn all about what CRM is, what it does, and how it can improve customer relationships. What is Customer 360? Salesforce’s category-leading apps for sales, service, marketing, commerce, IT, and more. What are AI agents? Learn more about AI agents and how they can help your business. What is Agentforce? It’s always-on digital labor augmenting every employee, department, and business process to improve customer experiences. Blogs Back Blogs Discover tips and insights from experts to supercharge your digital journey. Explore all blogs The 360 Blog Get the latest on AI, data, digital labor, and more. AI Research Blog Keep up with Salesforce’s AI research team and stay on the cutting edge of technology. Developer Blog Get the latest tooling innovation news, insights, and inspiration. Salesblazer Grow your career with the latest in sales content, training, and events — all part of the world’s leading sales community. Resources Back Resources Find free articles, guides, best practices, research, and more. Explore all resources Analyst Reports Read the latest studies and reports from the world’s best-known business analysts. Partners Explore industry-leading Salesforce partner apps and experts. Developer Documentation Get developer guides, tutorials, sample code, and API references. Newsletter Sign up to receive the latest Salesforce tips and insights, tailored just for you. Become a Trailblazer. Unlock free hands-on learning, our global community, original series, and support. Join for free Become a Trailblazer. Unlock free hands-on learning, our global community, original series, and support. Join for free Support Back Support Help & Documentation Back Help & Documentation Need help? Ask Agentforce. Find documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more – all the support you need, wherever you need it. Ask Agentforce on Salesforce Help Known Issues Find up-to-date information and status about our technology bugs and workarounds. Developer Documentation Find tutorials, sample code, developer guides, and API references. Architecture Center Explore diagrams, decision guides, and resources to build trusted, easy, and adaptable solutions. Communities Back Communities Meet people, learn skills, find apps and experts, and share feedback by joining Salesforce communities. Explore communities Trailblazer Community Connect with peers to learn skills and grow. Slack Community Connect with Slack end users, admins, and developers. MuleSoft Community Connect with MuleSoft developers, architects and business users. Tableau Community Connect with Tableau analysts, admins, developers and business users. Partner Community Collaborate, learn, and manage your partner business. IdeaExchange Help us build the Salesforce roadmap by sharing your feedback. Services & Plans Back Services & Plans Reach your goals with our customer success experts. See all services Success Plans Get the right level of support and guidance to grow your business. Professional Services Implement, innovate, and transform your enterprise with help from Salesforce experts. Account Management Back Account Management Manage your Salesforce subscriptions and contracts. Explore Your Account features. Your Account App Make payments, buy products, and manage renewals (Salesforce login required). Billing Portal Access invoices and make payments (Trailblazer ID login required). Digital Wallet Track and manage consumption with near-real time usage data. Questions? We can help. Get answers fast with Agentforce. Explore product documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more. Get started Questions? We can help. Get answers fast with Agentforce. Explore product documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more. Get started Company Back Company About Salesforce Back About Salesforce Learn about our history, products, and values. See our story What Is Salesforce? Leadership Global Offices Salesforce Swag Store Salesforce Ventures Investor Relations Our Values Back Our Values We are guided by our values and strive to do well in business while doing good in our communities. See what drives us Trust Customer success Innovation Equality Sustainability Our Impact Back Our Impact Business is the greatest platform for change. We use the full power of Salesforce to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders. Learn about our Impact initiatives Equality Accessibility Sustainability Philanthropy Ethical and Humane Use Public Policy Careers Back Careers Start a new journey with us – a career here at Salesforce. See all careers University Recruiting News Back Newsroom Stay informed with the latest news and announcements, fresh off the press. Visit the newsroom Analyst Reports Quarter in Review Legal Back Legal Find answers to your questions about Salesforce agreement terms, policies, intellectual property, corporate governance and compliance for customers, employees, partners and suppliers. See legal For Customers For Partners and Alliances For Suppliers Terms of Service TMCU Guidelines DMCA Privacy Info Compliance Product Accessibility Status Governance More Salesforce Brands Back More Salesforce Brands Explore the Salesforce brands delivering success now. See our brands Slack Tableau MuleSoft Informatica Heroku Hear our story. We believe in building relationships – not just between companies and customers, but among our global communities. Learn about us Hear our story. We believe in building relationships – not just between companies and customers, but among our global communities. Learn about us Contact Us Back Contact Us Contact Us ‍ Change Region Back Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) ‍ Contact Us Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) Change Region ‍ Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) Start for free Start for free Proven advice from Datablazers that will help you fix your messy data, power AI, and drive ROI fast. Get the Playbook Data 360 Activate Trusted Data Everywhere Introducing Data 360 — the next evolution of Data Cloud. Make all your enterprise data ready for action without moving it. Data 360 transforms fragmented data scattered across your enterprise into one, complete view of your business to fuel real-time workflows, better decision making, and more intelligent agents. Talk to Sales Watch the demo Powering the world's most data-driven companies See all stories Discover the latest from Data 360 Explore our latest stories, content, and announcements to understand how you can start activating trusted data across your business today. Resource The Fast-Start Playbook to Data 360 ROI Download the guide to ditch 18-month rebuilds and turn the data you already have into fuel for your top AI use cases. Get the Playbook Keynote Highlight The World’s #1 CDP for Marketers Learn how Data 360 transforms marketing by helping teams deliver real-time personalized experiences everywhere. Watch now Announcement Deliver privacy safe collaboration with Clean Rooms. Expand your audience reach by collaborating safely with partners using shared, secured data. Watch the demo Keynote Highlight Snowflake and Data 360: Unlock Your Existing Data Learn about the impact of Zero Copy partnership through our interview with EVP of Product at Snowflake, Christian Kleinerman. Watch now Customer Story How FedEx captured +2,000% ROI with Data 360 Read the full customer story to discover how FedEx paired real-time data with AI to reactivate dormant accounts and recover lost opportunities. Read now Announcement Unlock all your unstructured data with Intelligent Context. Extract insights from images, tables, and documents with AI-assisted prompts that tailor results based on your business context. Watch the demo Announcement Move faster with agentic setup & data management for Data 360. Use natural language to accelerate every part of the Data 360 lifecycle from connecting data to activating insights. Watch the demo How Data 360 Activates Trusted Data Everywhere Read more Drive personalized, real-time experiences. Segment and activate your customers with the world’s #1 CDP. Turn unified customer data into targeted, actionable audiences across every channel. Learn about Salesforce CDP Contact Us Bring context-rich data to Agentforce Power smarter, more trusted agents. Give Agentforce the context and data it needs to act with accuracy and confidence. Learn more Contact Us Activate fully connected customer journeys Act on unified data and insights shared across your Customer 360. Every team, from sales to service, powered by the same comprehensive, real-time view of your customer Explore Use Cases Contact Us Make all your enterprise data ready for action, without moving it Enterprise data holds massive potential, but it’s often hard to activate. With Zero-Copy integrations, Data 360 connects directly to platforms like Snowflake and Databricks—no duplication, no delays. Use that data to power real-time customer profiles, trigger actions across apps, personalize every interaction, and drive smarter decisions at scale. Use Zero-Copy to activate Snowflake data in Data 360. Learn more Activate your Databricks Data via Zero-Copy Delta Sharing. Learn more Connect Data 360 to your Google BigQuery warehouse via Zero-Copy. Learn more Activate diverse data from AWS (S3, Redshift) via Zero-Copy in Data 360. Get the guide Activate your IBM data in Salesforce Data 360 Get the guide Explore Data 360’s Capabilities and Features Connect Harmonize Govern Activate Data Sharing Connect Zero Copy Integration Connect directly to live data in Snowflake, Databricks, Google Cloud, and more without complex ETL or data duplication, powering insights with up-to-the-moment data. [Learn more] Structured & Unstructured Data Ingest, process, and harmonize diverse data types – from tables and logs to text, images, and streaming events – for a complete view. [Learn more] 200+ Connectors Easily bring data in from Salesforce clouds, MuleSoft, databases, and popular third-party apps with a rich library of pre-built connectors. [Learn more] Harmonize Identity Resolution Build unified profiles by intelligently matching and reconciling customer identities across your different data sources and systems. [Learn more] Data Prep & Transformations Cleanse, reshape, enrich, and prepare your data for analysis and activation using intuitive, powerful transformation tools. [Learn more] Unified Data Model Map disparate source data to a standardized, extensible model based on Salesforce standards for consistent interpretation and use. [Learn more] Govern Policy-Based Governance Define and automatically enforce data usage policies, consent preferences, and compliance rules across all your connected data. [Learn more] AI Tagging & Classification Leverage AI to automatically identify and classify sensitive data, helping you apply appropriate governance and privacy controls. [Learn more] Private Connect for Data 360 Establish secure, private connections between your AWS or Azure environments and Data 360, avoiding public internet exposure. [Learn more] Activate Data 360 Triggered Flows Initiate real-time Salesforce automation (Flows) based on data changes, calculated insights, or streaming events processed by Data 360. [Learn more] Segments Create dynamic audience segments using any harmonized attribute or insight for precise targeting across channels. [Learn more] Insights & Predictive Models Generate calculated metrics (like LTV or engagement scores) and utilize predictive AI models to anticipate customer behavior and needs. [Learn more] Data Sharing Data Lakes & Warehouses Securely share harmonized profiles, segments, or insights from Data 360 back to external platforms like Snowflake, Databricks, BigQuery, etc. [Learn more] Business Applications Push unified data or activate segments directly into downstream business applications like marketing automation, ERP, or analytics tools. [Learn more] Advertising Platforms Send customer segments directly to major advertising platforms (Google, Meta, etc.) for targeted campaigns and efficient ad spend. [Learn more] Gartner® names Salesforce a leader in Customer Data Platforms for the third year in a row. Learn why Gartner named Salesforce a Leader. Read the report Join the Datablazer Community Tap into a network of Data 360 experts and enthusiasts. The Datablazer Community is where passionate professionals learn, connect, and innovate using data and AI across their enterprise. Join us to grow your skills. Join now Unlock Data 360 Potential: Guides, Webinars, and More Guide Data 360: The only data engine native to Salesforce. Read the article Blog CIOs reveal Top 3 Strategies for Unlocking AI's Potential with Unstructured Data Read the article Webinar Unleashing Agentforce with Unified and Trusted Data Webinar Watch the webinar Guide Data Activation Guide for Service Get the guide Explore all resources Ready to take the next step with Data 360? Talk to an expert. Tell us a bit more so the right person can reach out faster. Request a call Get started. Activate Data 360 for your team today. Learn more Get the most of our Data 360 with these resources. Salesforce & Informatica: Combining enterprise data with trusted context to bring your AI to life. Learn more Turn ideas into a business. Build, scale and monetize on an AI native foundation with Agentforce 360. Build the Future of AI Data 360 Governance: Protecting Your Data in the Agentic Landscape Learn to Protect Your Data Agentic AI Depends on Unstructured Data Unstructured Data Guide See more resources Frequently Asked Questions What is Data 360 ? Salesforce Data 360 (formerly known as Data Cloud) is the real-time data engine that powers the entire Salesforce platform. It unifies fragmented data from every source — including external data lakes, websites, and legacy systems — into a single, trusted "Customer 360" profile. By providing a "Zero-Copy" architecture, it allows your teams to access and act on massive amounts of data instantly without the need for complex moving or duplicating. It serves as the essential data foundation for Agentforce , ensuring your AI agents and automated workflows always have the most accurate, up-to-date customer context. What is the difference between Data Cloud and Data 360? Salesforce Data 360 is the official new name for what was previously called Data Cloud . How does Data Cloud pricing compare to the new Data 360 pricing? Data 360 is the new name for our comprehensive data platform, formerly known as Data Cloud. The pricing model remains a flexible, consumption-based approach centered around: 1) Consumption Credits, 2) Data Storage, and 3) Premium Add-ons. We have simplified our credit system to offer even more flexibility and transparency. I have an existing contract for Data Cloud. Do the Data 360 pricing updates affect my current agreement? Your existing Data Cloud agreement and pricing will be honored through the end of your current term. Your solution is now referred to as Data 360, but you will retain all contracted capabilities. Please contact your Account Executive to discuss renewal and transition options under the new Data 360 packaging. What are the benefits of Data 360? Data 360 allows you to unify all your data on Salesforce without building complex data pipelines, easily take action on all your data across every Salesforce Cloud, and enable trusted AI solutions powered by your data. What data sources can I integrate with Data 360? Data 360 allows you to ingest virtually any data source to activate data-driven decision making and a robust data strategy . Seamlessly connect your CRM apps, like Sales and Service Cloud, using Salesforce connectors. Leverage out-of-the-box connectors with common third-party sources, including Amazon S3 and Google Cloud Storage. Take advantage of our zero copy integrations to pull in data from your existing Data Lakes and Warehouses, like Snowflake and Data Bricks, without duplicating data. And for everything else you can connect using SDKs and APIs. How is Data 360 different from other data platforms, lakes, and warehouses? Unlike other data platforms that focus primarily on managing and organizing data, Data 360 was purpose-built to help companies take action on their data across everyday applications like Sales, Service, and Marketing Cloud. That's because Data 360 is natively integrated into the Salesforce metadata framework and enables all teams, not just IT, to move faster with data using low-code tools like Flow and Agentforce. Is Data 360 a data modeling tool? While Data 360 does offer data modeling capabilities, its primary focus is to serve as a tool for activating your data. The Salesforce data model is designed to help you easily integrate your data within the Salesforce metadata framework, turning data from any source into native objects and fields ready to use across all your Salesforce applications. How can Data 360 help me automate data-driven decision making? With all your data integrated into Data 360, you can start to automate tasks and make smarter decisions using all your company data. Sales teams can boost productivity and increase deal conversion rates by surfacing or building workflows with external data like purchase history or web engagement data. Service teams can improve customer satisfaction and reduce churn by giving agents access to external data like product engagement and device telemetry data. What types of insights can Data 360 help unlock for my organization? Businesses leveraging Data 360 can efficiently uncover insights by using their own models or our low-code insights builder, enabling teams to quickly derive key metrics such as Propensity to Buy, Customer Lifetime Value, and Engagement Scores for each customer. How does Data 360 pricing work? Data 360 pricing is consumption-based, meaning you pay only for the services you use. Can I try Data 360 before buying? Existing Salesforce customers can get started with Data 360 for free by visiting this page . How can I get started with Data 360? Existing Salesforce customers can access this guide to Getting Started with Data 360 . How Behind The Wow: Create an Actionable 360 Profile Watch how Data 360 and Agentforce propel you into becoming an agent-first enterprise. See the full video series here. The World’s #1 CDP for Marketers Learn how Data 360 transforms marketing by helping teams deliver real-time personalized experiences everywhere. Deliver privacy safe collaboration with Clean Rooms. Expand your audience reach by collaborating safely with partners using shared, secured data. Snowflake and Data 360: Unlock Your Existing Data Learn about the impact of Zero Copy partnership through our interview with EVP of Product at Snowflake, Christian Kleinerman. Unlock all your unstructured data with Intelligent Context. Extract insights from images, tables, and documents with AI-assisted prompts that tailor results based on your business context. Move faster with agentic setup & data management for Data 360. Use natural language to accelerate every part of the Data 360 lifecycle from connecting data to activating insights.
