Source URL: https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/pricing/
Title: Salesforce Agentforce Pricing | Salesforce
Fetched at (unix): 1777286488

Salesforce Agentforce Pricing | Salesforce Skip to content Products Back Products All Products Agentforce Back Agentforce Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore Agentforce How Agentforce works Why Agentforce? Agentforce Builder Agentforce Voice Agentforce Dev Tools AgentExchange Agentforce Supply Chain Customer Stories Use Cases Agentforce Pricing Sales Back Sales Boost pipeline, win rate, and revenue with Sales Cloud. See all sales solutions Sales Force Automation Sales AI Sales Agents Sales Performance Management Partner Cloud Revenue Lifecycle Management CPQ Sales Pricing Service Back Service Cut service costs with humans & AI agents on one platform. See all service solutions Customer Service Management Field Service and Operations Contact Center IT Service Service Portal Service Analytics Customer Service AI HR Service Service Pricing Marketing Back Marketing Personalize every moment of engagement across the customer lifecycle with AI agents, actionable data, and workflows. See all marketing solutions Marketing AI Email Marketing, Mobile, & Advertising B2B Marketing Automation Personalization Marketing Analytics Customer Data Platform Loyalty Management Small Business Marketing Marketing Pricing Commerce Back Commerce Increase revenue and deliver consistent customer experiences across online, in-store, and mobile channels with Commerce Cloud. See all commerce solutions B2C Commerce B2B Commerce Order Management Commerce AI Payments Commerce Innovations Point of Sale Commerce Pricing Analytics Back Analytics Empower every user, in every industry to transform trusted data into actionable insights, wherever they work. Explore analytics solutions Tableau Next Tableau Semantics Tableau CRM Analytics Data Culture Analytics Pricing Slack Back Slack Bring your people, agents data, apps and Salesforce solutions to where work happens in Slack. Learn about Slack and Salesforce AI-Powered Productivity Slackbot Slack Platform Salesforce in Slack Agentforce in Slack Salesforce channels Pricing CRM Small Business Back Small Business Find more customers, win their business, and keep them happy with tools that help you work smarter, not harder. Explore small business solutions Free Suite Starter Suite Pro Suite Marketing Sales Service Commerce Productivity with Slack Small Business Pricing Data Back Data Bring together, understand, and act on all your data, from any source. Explore Data 360 How Data 360 Works How Connectivity Works Data Security & Privacy Connectors Directory Analytics Platform Back Agentforce 360 Platform Build and customize your Agentforce and Customer 360 with the Agentforce 360 Platform. See all platform capabilities Agentforce Artificial Intelligence Agentforce & AI App Development Data Security & Privacy Informatica Analytics MuleSoft Flow Automation Heroku Net Zero Back Net Zero Sustainability, simplified with Agentforce. See all Net Zero solutions Agentforce for Net Zero Cloud Net Zero Cloud Net Zero Marketplace Net Zero Pricing Customer Success Back Customer Success Reach your goals with our customer success experts. See all services Success Plans Professional Services Plans & Services Pricing Partner Apps & Experts Back Partner Apps & Experts Get the most out of Salesforce with partners, agents, apps, and consultants. About our partners AgentExchange Partner Apps Consultants Become a Partner Pricing Back Pricing Find pricing options for each Salesforce product. See all product pricing Flex Credit Calculator Enter your company’s specific needs and receive custom pricing details. Product Support Discover the #1 AI CRM Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore the Salesforce portfolio Discover the #1 AI CRM Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore the Salesforce portfolio Industries Back Industries Automotive Back Automotive Drive a lifetime of loyalty. Explore automotive solutions OEM Dealer/Retailers Captive Software-Defined Vehicle (SDV) Automotive Cloud Automotive Pricing Communications Back Communications Deliver the connected future, faster. Explore communications solutions Unify the Telecom Customer Journey Accelerate Communication Sales Simplify Wholesale Transactions Light Up Fiber Experiences Fulfill the Perfect Order Optimize Telecom Customer Service Communications Cloud Communications Cloud Pricing Construction & Real Estate Back Engineering, Construction & Real Estate Achieve operational excellence. Explore engineering, construction, and real estate solutions Real Estate Engineering & Construction Residential & Commercial Services Consumer Goods Back Consumer Goods Deliver profitable growth. Explore consumer goods solutions Fast-Moving Consumer Goods Home Durables Distributors Apparel, Footwear, and Accessories Beauty Consumer Goods Cloud Consumer Goods Cloud Pricing Education Back Education Deliver connected education journeys for life on the #1 AI CRM.​ Explore education solutions Recruitment & Admissions Academic Operations Student Success Advancement & Alumni Relations Communications, Marketing, and Engagement Lifelong Learning K-12 Education Cloud Education Cloud Pricing Energy & Utilities Back Energy & Utilities Lead the energy transition. Explore energy & utilities solutions Power & Utilities Oil & Gas Energy & Utilities Cloud Energy & Utilities Cloud Pricing Financial Services Back Financial Services Empower your customers’ financial success with trusted AI. Explore financial services solutions Agentforce for Financial Services Financial Services Cloud Financial Services Cloud Pricing Healthcare Back Healthcare Accelerate outcomes with Agentforce 360 for Health. Explore healthcare solutions Provider Payer Public Sector Health Health Cloud Health Cloud Pricing Life Sciences Back Life Sciences Improve clinical and commercial outcomes with Agentforce 360 for Life Sciences. Explore life sciences solutions Pharma MedTech Life Sciences Cloud Life Sciences Cloud Pricing Manufacturing Back Manufacturing Connect the value chain. Explore manufacturing solutions Modernize Commercial Operations Transform the Service Experience Simplify Partner Engagement Manufacturing Cloud Manufacturing Cloud Pricing Media Back Media Cultivate loyal audiences faster. Explore media solutions Accelerate Advertising Sales Automate Media and Entertainment Processes Grow Subscriber Relationships Maximize Audience Engagement Streamline Production and Operations Media Cloud Media Cloud Pricing Nonprofit Back Nonprofit Build relationships that drive change. Explore nonprofit solutions Fundraising Marketing and Engagement Program and Outcome Management IT Operations for Nonprofit Grantmaking Volunteer Management Nonprofit Cloud Nonprofit Cloud Pricing Professional Services Back Professional Services Increase client trust. Explore professional services solutions Accounting, Tax, and Audit Consulting Staffing and Recruiting Legal Public Sector Back Public Sector Modernize government service. Explore public sector solutions Federal/National State and Local Defense and National Security Government Cloud Public Sector Solutions Government Cloud Pricing Public Sector Apps Pricing Retail Back Retail Smarter retail starts with Salesforce. Explore retail solutions Fashion Restaurants Grocery, Drug, and Convenience Stores Mass Merchants and Department Stores Technology Back Technology Drive cost-efficient growth with intelligent automated processes. Explore technology solutions Unlock Partner Growth Drive Recurring Revenue Travel, Transportation & Hospitality Back Travel, Transportation & Hospitality Deliver connected experiences. Explore travel, transportation, and hospitality experiences Travel Transportation and Logistics Hospitality See all industries Explore Salesforce for industries. Get industry-specific innovations that modernize your business, save time, and lower costs. See all industries Explore Salesforce for industries. Get industry-specific innovations that modernize your business, save time, and lower costs. See all industries Customers Back Customers Customer Stories Back Customer Stories Explore success stories from customers of all sizes, in every industry. See all stories Tableau Stories MuleSoft Stories Slack Stories Heroku Stories Salesforce on Salesforce Stories Back Salesforce on Salesforce Stories Explore success stories of how Salesforce uses our own technology to run every part of our business. See all stories Trailblazer Stories Back Trailblazer Stories Meet the innovators driving business impact and building successful careers with Salesforce. See all stories Trailblazer Series Trailblazer 360 Blog Be a Trailblazer Explore success stories. See how our customers transform their businesses with CRM + AI + Data + Trust. See all stories Explore success stories. See how our customers transform their businesses with CRM + AI + Data + Trust. See all stories Events Back Events Dreamforce Back Dreamforce Join us September 15-17 in San Francisco and on Salesforce+ to experience the Agentic Enterprise — powered by you, amplified by agents. Register now Why Dreamforce Hear from AI visionaries, learn through hands-on training, and explore real customer use cases — all in one place. Sessions Explore 1,600+ sessions covering every industry, role, and product, designed to help you solve any business challenge. FAQs Find answers to all your event questions about registration, travel, and onsite tips. TDX Back TDX Relive the innovation and inspiration of TDX 2026 with on-demand keynotes, sessions, and highlights available anytime on Salesforce+. Learn more Save the date for TDX 2027 Sign up today for an exclusive low price, speaker announcements, and a sneak peek at the deep technical sessions and hands-on workshops. TDX 2026 Main Keynote Discover how to build your Agentic Enterprise with Salesforce and unlock the power of humans and agents driving customer success together. Best of TDX 2026 Explore the biggest announcements, launches, and innovations from TDX 2026. Connections Back Connections Join us at the marketing event of the year, where bold marketers and breakthrough agents come together to drive big impact. Register now Why Attend Discover how Connections helps you lead with experiences that adapt to every customer, and gives you the tools to become an Agentic Enterprise. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, accessibility, and how to make the most of your Connections experience. Tableau Conference Back Tableau Conference Join us at the data and analytics event of the year, where AI, analytics, and trusted data come together to power better decisions. Register now Why Attend Discover how Tableau Conference helps you turn data into action. Learn what’s new, sharpen your skills, and connect with the global Tableau community shaping the future of analytics. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, accessibility, and how to make the most of your Tableau Conference experience. Informatica World Back Informatica World Join us at Informatica World to ignite your data strategy, unlock AI’s full potential, and lead your organization into the future. Register now Sessions Browse sessions designed to advance your AI-ready data journey, from keynotes to hands-on deep dives. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, and how to make the most of your experience. Agentforce World Tours Back Agentforce World Tours Join us in cities around the world to experience the latest Salesforce innovations in apps, data, and agents. Connect with leaders and experts from your industry at an Agentforce World Tour near you. Learn more Find an Agentforce World Tour in a city near you Browse current Agentforce World Tour events, or sign up today to be the first to know when one is coming to a city near you Agentforce World Tour New York Explore 140+ expert-led sessions, demos, and hands-on trainings featuring Dreamforce’s boldest launches. All in one day, all for free. Agentforce World Tour Chicago Experience the Dreamforce innovations that power Agentic Enterprises with expert-led sessions, demos, and hands-on trainings. All in one day, all for free. Salesforce+ Back Salesforce+ Fuel your professional growth and transform your company with our free live streaming and on-demand events. Visit Salesforce+ Watch Dreamforce On-Demand Stream the world’s largest, most trusted technology event. Agentforce and AI Join us to learn how AI agents are driving customer success. Data, Analytics, and Integration Explore data and AI demos, trainings, and release announcements. My List Save inspiring content to watch later. More Salesforce Events Back More Salesforce Events Dive into highlights from past events and explore on-demand content for every role and industry. See all events Webinars Join live webinars or listen to on-demand webinars at any time. Community Led Learn from peers, build your Salesforce network, and give back to the community. Customer Success Events Build product knowledge and get implementation and adoption guidance from Salesforce experts. Developer Events Learn and get hands-on the with the latest product innovations. Local User Groups Join groups to meet, collaborate, and learn new skills with Trailblazers. Salesforce Events Join us in person or on Salesforce+ to experience expert-led learning and groundbreaking innovation. See all events Salesforce Events Join us in person or on Salesforce+ to experience expert-led learning and groundbreaking innovation. See all events Learning Back Learning Learning on Trailhead Back Learning on Trailhead Skill up for the future from anywhere with Trailhead, our free, online learning platform. Explore Trailhead Trails Explore guided learning paths to quickly learn in-demand skills. Expert-led Learning Accelerate learning with access to Salesforce experts. Salesforce Certification Earn resume-worthy Salesforce credentials. Career Paths Find your career in the Salesforce ecosystem. Try Salesforce for Free Back Try Salesforce for Free Explore free trial offers for Salesforce data, analytics, and CRM products — for any size business, in any industry. Get started Starter Suite The marketing, sales, service, and commerce tools you need to succeed — all in a single CRM suite. Developer Edition Build enterprise-quality apps fast and get hands-on with Agentforce and Data Cloud. New to Salesforce Back New to Salesforce Salesforce is the #1 AI CRM, with AI agents, data, and CRM apps on a single, unified platform. Learn more about Salesforce What is CRM? Learn all about what CRM is, what it does, and how it can improve customer relationships. What is Customer 360? Salesforce’s category-leading apps for sales, service, marketing, commerce, IT, and more. What are AI agents? Learn more about AI agents and how they can help your business. What is Agentforce? It’s always-on digital labor augmenting every employee, department, and business process to improve customer experiences. Blogs Back Blogs Discover tips and insights from experts to supercharge your digital journey. Explore all blogs The 360 Blog Get the latest on AI, data, digital labor, and more. AI Research Blog Keep up with Salesforce’s AI research team and stay on the cutting edge of technology. Developer Blog Get the latest tooling innovation news, insights, and inspiration. Salesblazer Grow your career with the latest in sales content, training, and events — all part of the world’s leading sales community. Resources Back Resources Find free articles, guides, best practices, research, and more. Explore all resources Analyst Reports Read the latest studies and reports from the world’s best-known business analysts. Partners Explore industry-leading Salesforce partner apps and experts. Developer Documentation Get developer guides, tutorials, sample code, and API references. Newsletter Sign up to receive the latest Salesforce tips and insights, tailored just for you. Become a Trailblazer. Unlock free hands-on learning, our global community, original series, and support. Join for free Become a Trailblazer. Unlock free hands-on learning, our global community, original series, and support. Join for free Support Back Support Help & Documentation Back Help & Documentation Need help? Ask Agentforce. Find documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more – all the support you need, wherever you need it. Ask Agentforce on Salesforce Help Known Issues Find up-to-date information and status about our technology bugs and workarounds. Developer Documentation Find tutorials, sample code, developer guides, and API references. Architecture Center Explore diagrams, decision guides, and resources to build trusted, easy, and adaptable solutions. Communities Back Communities Meet people, learn skills, find apps and experts, and share feedback by joining Salesforce communities. Explore communities Trailblazer Community Connect with peers to learn skills and grow. Slack Community Connect with Slack end users, admins, and developers. MuleSoft Community Connect with MuleSoft developers, architects and business users. Tableau Community Connect with Tableau analysts, admins, developers and business users. Partner Community Collaborate, learn, and manage your partner business. IdeaExchange Help us build the Salesforce roadmap by sharing your feedback. Services & Plans Back Services & Plans Reach your goals with our customer success experts. See all services Success Plans Get the right level of support and guidance to grow your business. Professional Services Implement, innovate, and transform your enterprise with help from Salesforce experts. Account Management Back Account Management Manage your Salesforce subscriptions and contracts. Explore Your Account features. Your Account App Make payments, buy products, and manage renewals (Salesforce login required). Billing Portal Access invoices and make payments (Trailblazer ID login required). Digital Wallet Track and manage consumption with near-real time usage data. Questions? We can help. Get answers fast with Agentforce. Explore product documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more. Get started Questions? We can help. Get answers fast with Agentforce. Explore product documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more. Get started Company Back Company About Salesforce Back About Salesforce Learn about our history, products, and values. See our story What Is Salesforce? Leadership Global Offices Salesforce Swag Store Salesforce Ventures Investor Relations Our Values Back Our Values We are guided by our values and strive to do well in business while doing good in our communities. See what drives us Trust Customer success Innovation Equality Sustainability Our Impact Back Our Impact Business is the greatest platform for change. We use the full power of Salesforce to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders. Learn about our Impact initiatives Equality Accessibility Sustainability Philanthropy Ethical and Humane Use Public Policy Careers Back Careers Start a new journey with us – a career here at Salesforce. See all careers University Recruiting News Back Newsroom Stay informed with the latest news and announcements, fresh off the press. Visit the newsroom Analyst Reports Quarter in Review Legal Back Legal Find answers to your questions about Salesforce agreement terms, policies, intellectual property, corporate governance and compliance for customers, employees, partners and suppliers. See legal For Customers For Partners and Alliances For Suppliers Terms of Service TMCU Guidelines DMCA Privacy Info Compliance Product Accessibility Status Governance More Salesforce Brands Back More Salesforce Brands Explore the Salesforce brands delivering success now. See our brands Slack Tableau MuleSoft Informatica Heroku Hear our story. We believe in building relationships – not just between companies and customers, but among our global communities. Learn about us Hear our story. We believe in building relationships – not just between companies and customers, but among our global communities. Learn about us Contact Us Back Contact Us Contact Us ‍ Change Region Back Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) ‍ Contact Us Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) Change Region ‍ Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) Start for free Start for free Agentforce Pricing Scale AI-powered digital labor across your business with flexible pricing. Choose from consumption-based pricing, with Flex Credits or Conversations, or per-user licensing — with options designed to fit how and where you deploy AI. Agentforce empowers you to scale on your terms, providing the flexibility to seamlessly expand and optimize for any team or use case. Get started with Agentforce today for any use case. Power 24/7 digital labor with consumption-based pricing. Currency converter US Dollar (USD) Australian Dollar (AUD) British Pound (GBP) Euro (EUR) Japanese Yen (JPY) Swedish Krona (SEK) Salesforce Foundations Get started with Agentforce for free, for any use case. $ 0 $ 0 0 € AU$ 0 0 円 0 kr £ 0 Agent Builder Prompt Builder 200k Flex Credits 250K Data Cloud credits Agentforce Vibes Try for free Flex Credits Pay per Action as you scale Agentforce. $ 500 USD/Per 100k Credits $ 500 USD/Per 100k Credits 500 € EUR/Per 100k Credits AU$ 700 AUD/Per 100k Credits 60,000 円 JPY/Per 100k Credits 5,000 kr SEK/Per 100k Credits £ 400 GBP/Per 100k Credits Customer-facing Agents Employee-facing Agents Agentforce Voice Digital Wallet Buying Model flexibility Agentforce Vibes Contact us Conversations Pay per Conversation as you scale Agentforce. $ 2 USD/Per conversation $ 2 USD/Per conversation 2 € EUR/Per conversation AU$ 2.80 AUD/Per conversation 240 円 JPY/Per conversation 20 kr SEK/Per conversation £ 1.60 GBP/Per conversation Customer-facing Agents Digital Wallet Buying Model: pre-purchase only Contact us This page is provided for information purposes only and is subject to change. Contact a sales representative for detailed pricing information. Agentforce Rate Card Buying Models Pre-purchase PayGo PreCommit Pre-purchase Buy a set amount of usage for the full contract term and pay upfront. Save the most by paying upfront, with usage drawing down from your balance. All models available with Digital Wallet to track Agentforce usage. Call your Account Executive to learn more. PayGo Get started with Agentforce with no upfront commitment. Pay only for what you use, when you use it. Billed monthly in arrears, so costs scale directly with your needs. All models available with Digital Wallet to track Agentforce usage. Call your Account Executive to learn more. PreCommit Commit to a baseline of Agentforce usage, with no upfront payment. The more you commit, the more value you unlock. Billed monthly in arrears, so costs scale directly with your needs. True-up at term end if usage is below commitment. Widely available later this year. All models available with Digital Wallet to track Agentforce usage. Call your Account Executive to learn more. Give every employee task specific, highly specialized agents with Cloud & Industry user licenses. Salesforce’s Agentforce add-ons and Agentforce 1 Editions offer additional ways to purchase Agentforce for employee-facing use cases. Enabling unmetered employee agent usage for licensed users and Salesforce’s full suite of predictive, generative, and agentic AI unified in the flow of work — to activate value faster. Agentforce add-ons Available add-ons for Sales, Service, and Field Service. $ 125 user / month Unmetered Agentforce usage for employees Our full suite of AI, unified in the flow of work AI-powered analytics, Prompt Builder & more Contact us Agentforce Industries add-ons Available add-ons for Industries Clouds. $ 150 user / month Unmetered Agentforce usage for employees Our full suite of industry-specific AI, unified in the flow of work Everything in Agentforce Sales & Agentforce Service add-ons Contact us Agentforce 1 Editions Available Editions for Sales, Service, Field Service, and Industries. from $550 user / month Agentforce add-on included 1M Flex Credits per org per year 2.5M Data 360 Credits per org per year Contact us Agentforce User License Deploy Agentforce agents company wide for all your employees. $ 5 USD/User/Month (Requires Flex Credits) $ 5 USD/User/Month (Requires Flex Credits) 5 € EUR/User/Month (Requires Flex Credits) AU$ 7 AUD/User/Month (Requires Flex Credits) 600 円 JPY/User/Month (Requires Flex Credits) 50 kr SEK/User/Month (Requires Flex Credits) £ 4 GBP/User/Month (Requires Flex Credits) Provide Agentforce access to every employee Access to limited Salesforce CRM objects Metered Agentforce usage for employees Contact us What are Flex Credits and how are they used? Flex Credits are a new unit of payment for Agentforce that align cost to the business value your AI agents create. Each Action — a specific function that an AI agent executes on the platform, such as updating a record, summarizing a complex case, answering a product inquiry, or executing a custom prompt or flow — draws from a pool of Flex Credits. Flex Credits can be applied across teams, channels, and use cases, allowing you to expand your AI strategy without renegotiating pricing or forecasting volume. Each action is metered individually, so your investment aligns to the value delivered, not just the number of interactions. Agentforce actions are 20 Flex Credits, while Agentforce Voice actions are 30 Flex Credits. Flex Credits give you the control to experiment, optimize, and grow — with real-time insights into consumption through Digital Wallet. Examples of actions, in action. Each example executes one action to complete the request. Customer Record Update Answer Question with Knowledge Custom Troubleshooting Action Pricing feature comparisons and examples Pricing comparison by top features Flex Credits $ 500 per 100k Credits $ 500 per 100k Credits 500 € per 100k Credits AU$ 700 per 100k Credits 60,000 円 per 100k Credits 5,000 kr per 100k Credits £ 400 per 100k Credits Agentforce User License $ 5 user/month $ 5 user/month 5 € user/month AU$ 7 user/month 600 円 user/month 50 kr user/month £ 4 user/month Conversations $ 2 per conversation $ 2 per conversation 2 € per conversation AU$ 2.80 per conversation 240 円 per conversation 20 kr per conversation £ 1.60 per conversation Salesforce Foundations $ 0 $ 0 0 € AU$ 0 0 円 0 kr £ 0 Flat Fee Access $ 125 user/month $ 125 user/month 125 € user/month AU$ 175 user/month 15,000 円 user/month 1,250 kr user/month £ 100 user/month Prompt Builder Agentforce Builder Digital Wallet Customer-facing Agents Employee Agents Agentforce Voice Agentforce Grid Buying Model Flexibility Show more features Show fewer features Flex credits are fungible across Actions, Prompts, Translations, and Voice Actions. Example 1: Case Management In this example, a Salesforce user is engaging with Agentforce to help manage a customer case in Salesforce. Agentforce helps by identifying customers by their email, getting all of the cases for that customer, and helping the Salesforce user add comments to the case. Use Case : Salesforce Case Management Actions Used: Identify Customer by Email, Get All Cases for Contact, Add Case Comment For this example, the customer has 100 users of Salesforce managing cases and each user manages 3 cases per day , for 20 days a month . Number of actions per use case Number of Flex Credits per use case Flex Credit cost Example number of Flex Credits per month Example cost per month 3 60 US$0.30 360,000 US$1,800 60 Flex Credits X 3 Cases a day X 20 days a month X 100 users = $1,800 per month The credit usage example provided is for illustrative purposes only. Actual usage may vary from month to month based on activity levels, feature utilization, and other factors. This example does not guarantee future usage patterns or costs. This example does not include other costs like Data 360 credits or other consumption services. Example 2: Field Service Appointment Scheduling In this example, a Field Service Technician is working with Agentforce to help schedule service appointments based on the time preference of the customer and the issue at hand. Use Case: Field Service Appointment Scheduling Actions Used: Identify Customer by Email, Get Work Types for Field Service, Get Appointment Time Slots for Field Service , Get Work Types for Field Service (2nd Time), Get Appointment Time Slots for Field Service (2nd Time), Answer Question with Knowledge For this example, we assume there are 10 Field Service reps that each do 3 appointments a day for 20 days a month . Number of actions per use case Number of Flex Credits per use case Flex Credit cost Example number of Flex Credits per month Example cost per month 6 120 US$0.60 72,000 US$360 120 Flex Credits X 3 appointments a day X 20 days a month X 10 field service reps = $360 per month The credit usage example provided is for illustrative purposes only. Actual usage may vary from month to month based on activity levels, feature utilization, and other factors. This example does not guarantee future usage patterns or costs. This example does not include other costs like Data 360 credits or other consumption services. Example 3: New Employee Onboarding In this example, a new employee is onboarding to the company and is engaging with Agentforce to help them with their question. Agentforce will search through a knowledge base to answer the employees question. Use Case: New Employee Onboarding Actions Used: Answer Question with Knowledge For this example, we assume there are 20 new employees each month who each want help with 5 questions . Number of actions per use case Number of Flex Credits per use case Flex Credit cost Example number of Flex Credits per month Example cost per month 1 20 US$0.10 2,000 US$10 20 Flex Credits X 5 questions per month X 20 new employees per month = $10 per month The credit usage example provided is for illustrative purposes only. Actual usage may vary from month to month based on activity levels, feature utilization, and other factors. This example does not guarantee future usage patterns or costs. This example does not include other costs like Data 360 credits or other consumption services. Example 4: Reservation Management with Agentforce Voice In this example, a customer needs help modifying their reservation and is engaging with Agentforce Voice to help them with their update. Agentforce will identify the customer by email, answer questions about their modification, and help update and finalize their reservation. Use Case: Reservation Management - Service Actions Used: Identify Customer By Email, Answer Questions with Knowledge, Get Reservation Time Slots, Finalize Reservation For this example, we assume there are 300 phone calls each month from customers who want help with a question and a reservation update . Number of actions per use case Number of Flex Credits per use case Flex Credit cost Example number of Flex Credits per month Example cost per month 4 120 US$0.15 36,000 US$180 120 Flex Credits X 300 calls per month Agentforce Voice actions per call = $180 per month The credit usage example provided is for illustrative purposes only. Actual usage may vary from month to month based on activity levels, feature utilization, and other factors. This example does not guarantee future usage patterns or costs. This example does not include other costs like Data 360 credits or other consumption services. Keep track with Digital Wallet. Monitor your flex credits consumption in near real time, with Agentforce usage transparency powered by Digital Wallet. Track your usage, get proactive threshold alerts, and see actionable usage trends and insights. It’s all in one place, so you can make smarter investment decisions. Learn more Ready to take the next step with Agentforce? Build agents fast. Take a closer look at how agent building works in our library. Watch demos Get expert guidance. Launch Agentforce with speed, confidence, and ROI you can measure. See how Talk to a rep. Tell us about your business needs, and we’ll help you find answers. Contact us Agentforce Frequently Asked Questions How do I know if Flex Credits or Conversation pricing is the right model for my business? Flex Credits offer the most flexibility and scalability. Conversations offer flat-pricing, while Flex Credits align cost to value. Conversations are optimized for external facing customer agents, while Flex Credits scale across any Agentforce use case. While Conversation consumption will be viewable in Digital Wallet , Flex Credits in Digital Wallet will offer more granular usage data for the greatest insight and transparency. Flex Credits will offer additional flexibility with a choice of buying model options. Contact your Account Executive to learn more about what model might work best for your business and use case. Can I use both Flex Credits and conversation pricing at the same time? No. Flex Credits and Conversations will not be supported in the same org. What happens if I don’t use all my Flex Credits? Unused Flex Credits do not roll over into subsequent subscription terms. Work with your Account Executive to strategize on next steps. I have Conversation pricing, can I switch to Flex Credits? Yes. If you would like to do so to take advantage of the flexibility that Flex Credits offer, you will need to swap all of your existing Agentforce Conversation SKUs. Speak with your Account Executive to learn more about the process. Is Digital Wallet included, or do I have to purchase it? Digital Wallet will be automatically provided for free for any customers who have Digital Wallet enabled products. Digital Wallet supports all products sold with usage-based metrics. For Flex Credits, Digital Wallet will provide more granular usage insights and analytics. What happens if I exceed my Flex Credit balance? There is no overage penalty. If you exceed your entitlement, your rate is your contracted rate billed monthly in arrears. Prevent overages by using alerts in Digital Wallet. What products are available with the PayGo and PreCommit buying models? Only Flex Credits for Agentforce are available for purchase with PayGo and PreCommit models. Conversation-based pricing, Agentforce add-ons and Agentforce 1 Editions are not available with these models. How is Agentforce Voice priced with Flex Credits? For all Agentforce actions, Flex Credits scale up and down with usage to align cost to value. Usage types and multipliers differ for Agentforce Voice actions. See the Agentforce Rate Card for more detail.
