Source URL: https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/agentforce-supply-chain/
Title: Agentforce Supply Chain | Salesforce
Fetched at (unix): 1777038701

Agentforce Supply Chain | Salesforce Skip to content Agentforce Supply Chain Reinvent back-office processes for speed, automation, and accuracy Agentforce Supply Chain uses AI-native technology to turn messy, manual processes into digital processes in minutes. Work is orchestrated across humans and specialized AI agents to save time and costs with enterprise-grade accuracy. Business users can continually improve processes on their own, without code or custom integrations. Talk to an expert Digitize manual processes in minutes, not months Get up and running quickly using natural language, docs, or diagrams Quickly create usable, repeatable blueprints for your processes in natural language, or by uploading unstructured data from a document or diagram. Digital blueprints are the single source of truth for humans and AI agents to see and know their roles, understand their tasks, and execute work. Blueprints can easily be fine-tuned as your needs evolve. No code required. Take advantage of our pre-built blueprint library If you don’t already have documented processes or want to streamline processes in new areas of your business, deploy immediately with 30+ pre-configured technical blueprints for Invoice Auditing, Supplier Onboarding, and Claims Processing. These are proven use cases that include industry best practices to deliver value fast. Run confidently with built-in trust and security Agentforce Supply Chain is built on the foundation of the Salesforce AI Trust Layer and Hyperforce, ensuring that enterprise-grade security and data sovereignty are inherent to every process. Beyond Salesforce’s standard security measures, like zero-data retention and end-to-end encryption, Agentforce Supply Chain includes deterministic guardrails and human in the loop so that every automated outcome is safe and contextually accurate. Orchestrate and automate work across humans and AI agents Deliver quick impact with pre-trained AI agents Specialized back-office agents come pre-trained with deep domain expertise so they can complete tasks within the context of your business automatically. For example, agents can extract data from invoices, check compliance rules, schedule dependencies, and complete complex computations. They act immediately and autonomously, eliminating wait times and increasing cycle times. Drive better processes with our orchestration engine The orchestration engine actively manages processes across humans, agents, and systems to get work done faster with data that was previously trapped in spreadsheets and email. The orchestration engine manages logic, monitors timelines, and escalates issues or delays to ensure compliance. Work with tools you already know Change management and adoption is seamless when users continue working within their existing tools — email, Slack, Excel, PDFs, and more. Process owners are empowered to thrive as value drivers with the agency to own and deliver high-impact business results without learning new tools. Improve processes continuously, without code Empower business users to drive process improvement with AI input AI suggests optimizations based on performance, feedback, and iteration. Then, business users can modify and improve processes themselves, without the need for developers, IT support, or building complex customizations. Get real-time visibility into processes Use dashboards to track and report progress or see workflow statuses. Automate alerts and notify the right people of updates, tasks, and issues wherever they work. Ready to take the next steps with Agentforce Supply Chain? Transforming Supply Chain Resiliency with Agentforce. Agentforce Supply Chain enables you to digitize and automate your processes Watch webinar Talk to an expert. Tell us about your business needs, and we'll help you find answers. Contact us Agentforce Supply Chain FAQ What is Agentforce Supply Chain? Agentforce Supply Chain is an AI-native solution that transforms back office business processes for better speed, automation, and accuracy. What is Regrello? Now named Agentforce Supply Chain, Salesforce completed its acquisition of Regrello on October 1, 2025. Bringing Regrello and Salesforce together is a key step toward realizing the vision of an agentic enterprise, where people and AI work together to achieve more than either could alone. What is supply chain automation? Supply chain automation uses software and artificial intelligence to improve the speed and efficiency of mid and back office processes like procurement, supplier onboarding, or warranty claims. By orchestrating work across people, systems, and vendors, companies move faster, operate more cost-efficiently, and scale with built-in control, quality, and visibility. How can agentic process automation help my business? Agentic process automation allows you to reinvent manual back-office processes in days rather than months by seamlessly connecting your data and operations. By enabling humans and intelligent automation to work together, you can drive faster cycle times and deliver highly accurate results at scale across your manufacturing and supply chain.
