Source URL: https://www.salesforce.com/sales/ai-sales-agent/
Title: Best AI Sales Agent | Agentforce Sales | Salesforce
Fetched at (unix): 1777286495

Best AI Sales Agent | Agentforce Sales | Salesforce Skip to content Products Back Products All Products Agentforce Back Agentforce Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore Agentforce How Agentforce works Why Agentforce? Agentforce Builder Agentforce Voice Agentforce Dev Tools AgentExchange Agentforce Supply Chain Customer Stories Use Cases Agentforce Pricing Sales Back Sales Boost pipeline, win rate, and revenue with Sales Cloud. See all sales solutions Sales Force Automation Sales AI Sales Agents Sales Performance Management Partner Cloud Revenue Lifecycle Management CPQ Sales Pricing Service Back Service Cut service costs with humans & AI agents on one platform. See all service solutions Customer Service Management Field Service and Operations Contact Center IT Service Service Portal Service Analytics Customer Service AI HR Service Service Pricing Marketing Back Marketing Personalize every moment of engagement across the customer lifecycle with AI agents, actionable data, and workflows. See all marketing solutions Marketing AI Email Marketing, Mobile, & Advertising B2B Marketing Automation Personalization Marketing Analytics Customer Data Platform Loyalty Management Small Business Marketing Marketing Pricing Commerce Back Commerce Increase revenue and deliver consistent customer experiences across online, in-store, and mobile channels with Commerce Cloud. See all commerce solutions B2C Commerce B2B Commerce Order Management Commerce AI Payments Commerce Innovations Point of Sale Commerce Pricing Analytics Back Analytics Empower every user, in every industry to transform trusted data into actionable insights, wherever they work. Explore analytics solutions Tableau Next Tableau Semantics Tableau CRM Analytics Data Culture Analytics Pricing Slack Back Slack Bring your people, agents data, apps and Salesforce solutions to where work happens in Slack. Learn about Slack and Salesforce AI-Powered Productivity Slackbot Slack Platform Salesforce in Slack Agentforce in Slack Salesforce channels Pricing CRM Small Business Back Small Business Find more customers, win their business, and keep them happy with tools that help you work smarter, not harder. Explore small business solutions Free Suite Starter Suite Pro Suite Marketing Sales Service Commerce Productivity with Slack Small Business Pricing Data Back Data Bring together, understand, and act on all your data, from any source. Explore Data 360 How Data 360 Works How Connectivity Works Data Security & Privacy Connectors Directory Analytics Platform Back Agentforce 360 Platform Build and customize your Agentforce and Customer 360 with the Agentforce 360 Platform. See all platform capabilities Agentforce Artificial Intelligence Agentforce & AI App Development Data Security & Privacy Informatica Analytics MuleSoft Flow Automation Heroku Net Zero Back Net Zero Sustainability, simplified with Agentforce. See all Net Zero solutions Agentforce for Net Zero Cloud Net Zero Cloud Net Zero Marketplace Net Zero Pricing Customer Success Back Customer Success Reach your goals with our customer success experts. See all services Success Plans Professional Services Plans & Services Pricing Partner Apps & Experts Back Partner Apps & Experts Get the most out of Salesforce with partners, agents, apps, and consultants. About our partners AgentExchange Partner Apps Consultants Become a Partner Pricing Back Pricing Find pricing options for each Salesforce product. See all product pricing Flex Credit Calculator Enter your company’s specific needs and receive custom pricing details. Product Support Discover the #1 AI CRM Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore the Salesforce portfolio Discover the #1 AI CRM Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore the Salesforce portfolio Industries Back Industries Automotive Back Automotive Drive a lifetime of loyalty. Explore automotive solutions OEM Dealer/Retailers Captive Software-Defined Vehicle (SDV) Automotive Cloud Automotive Pricing Communications Back Communications Deliver the connected future, faster. Explore communications solutions Unify the Telecom Customer Journey Accelerate Communication Sales Simplify Wholesale Transactions Light Up Fiber Experiences Fulfill the Perfect Order Optimize Telecom Customer Service Communications Cloud Communications Cloud Pricing Construction & Real Estate Back Engineering, Construction & Real Estate Achieve operational excellence. Explore engineering, construction, and real estate solutions Real Estate Engineering & Construction Residential & Commercial Services Consumer Goods Back Consumer Goods Deliver profitable growth. Explore consumer goods solutions Fast-Moving Consumer Goods Home Durables Distributors Apparel, Footwear, and Accessories Beauty Consumer Goods Cloud Consumer Goods Cloud Pricing Education Back Education Deliver connected education journeys for life on the #1 AI CRM.​ Explore education solutions Recruitment & Admissions Academic Operations Student Success Advancement & Alumni Relations Communications, Marketing, and Engagement Lifelong Learning K-12 Education Cloud Education Cloud Pricing Energy & Utilities Back Energy & Utilities Lead the energy transition. Explore energy & utilities solutions Power & Utilities Oil & Gas Energy & Utilities Cloud Energy & Utilities Cloud Pricing Financial Services Back Financial Services Empower your customers’ financial success with trusted AI. Explore financial services solutions Agentforce for Financial Services Financial Services Cloud Financial Services Cloud Pricing Healthcare Back Healthcare Accelerate outcomes with Agentforce 360 for Health. Explore healthcare solutions Provider Payer Public Sector Health Health Cloud Health Cloud Pricing Life Sciences Back Life Sciences Improve clinical and commercial outcomes with Agentforce 360 for Life Sciences. Explore life sciences solutions Pharma MedTech Life Sciences Cloud Life Sciences Cloud Pricing Manufacturing Back Manufacturing Connect the value chain. Explore manufacturing solutions Modernize Commercial Operations Transform the Service Experience Simplify Partner Engagement Manufacturing Cloud Manufacturing Cloud Pricing Media Back Media Cultivate loyal audiences faster. Explore media solutions Accelerate Advertising Sales Automate Media and Entertainment Processes Grow Subscriber Relationships Maximize Audience Engagement Streamline Production and Operations Media Cloud Media Cloud Pricing Nonprofit Back Nonprofit Build relationships that drive change. Explore nonprofit solutions Fundraising Marketing and Engagement Program and Outcome Management IT Operations for Nonprofit Grantmaking Volunteer Management Nonprofit Cloud Nonprofit Cloud Pricing Professional Services Back Professional Services Increase client trust. Explore professional services solutions Accounting, Tax, and Audit Consulting Staffing and Recruiting Legal Public Sector Back Public Sector Modernize government service. Explore public sector solutions Federal/National State and Local Defense and National Security Government Cloud Public Sector Solutions Government Cloud Pricing Public Sector Apps Pricing Retail Back Retail Smarter retail starts with Salesforce. Explore retail solutions Fashion Restaurants Grocery, Drug, and Convenience Stores Mass Merchants and Department Stores Technology Back Technology Drive cost-efficient growth with intelligent automated processes. Explore technology solutions Unlock Partner Growth Drive Recurring Revenue Travel, Transportation & Hospitality Back Travel, Transportation & Hospitality Deliver connected experiences. Explore travel, transportation, and hospitality experiences Travel Transportation and Logistics Hospitality See all industries Explore Salesforce for industries. Get industry-specific innovations that modernize your business, save time, and lower costs. See all industries Explore Salesforce for industries. Get industry-specific innovations that modernize your business, save time, and lower costs. See all industries Customers Back Customers Customer Stories Back Customer Stories Explore success stories from customers of all sizes, in every industry. See all stories Tableau Stories MuleSoft Stories Slack Stories Heroku Stories Salesforce on Salesforce Stories Back Salesforce on Salesforce Stories Explore success stories of how Salesforce uses our own technology to run every part of our business. See all stories Trailblazer Stories Back Trailblazer Stories Meet the innovators driving business impact and building successful careers with Salesforce. See all stories Trailblazer Series Trailblazer 360 Blog Be a Trailblazer Explore success stories. See how our customers transform their businesses with CRM + AI + Data + Trust. See all stories Explore success stories. See how our customers transform their businesses with CRM + AI + Data + Trust. See all stories Events Back Events Dreamforce Back Dreamforce Join us September 15-17 in San Francisco and on Salesforce+ to experience the Agentic Enterprise — powered by you, amplified by agents. Register now Why Dreamforce Hear from AI visionaries, learn through hands-on training, and explore real customer use cases — all in one place. Sessions Explore 1,600+ sessions covering every industry, role, and product, designed to help you solve any business challenge. FAQs Find answers to all your event questions about registration, travel, and onsite tips. TDX Back TDX Relive the innovation and inspiration of TDX 2026 with on-demand keynotes, sessions, and highlights available anytime on Salesforce+. Learn more Save the date for TDX 2027 Sign up today for an exclusive low price, speaker announcements, and a sneak peek at the deep technical sessions and hands-on workshops. TDX 2026 Main Keynote Discover how to build your Agentic Enterprise with Salesforce and unlock the power of humans and agents driving customer success together. Best of TDX 2026 Explore the biggest announcements, launches, and innovations from TDX 2026. Connections Back Connections Join us at the marketing event of the year, where bold marketers and breakthrough agents come together to drive big impact. Register now Why Attend Discover how Connections helps you lead with experiences that adapt to every customer, and gives you the tools to become an Agentic Enterprise. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, accessibility, and how to make the most of your Connections experience. Tableau Conference Back Tableau Conference Join us at the data and analytics event of the year, where AI, analytics, and trusted data come together to power better decisions. Register now Why Attend Discover how Tableau Conference helps you turn data into action. Learn what’s new, sharpen your skills, and connect with the global Tableau community shaping the future of analytics. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, accessibility, and how to make the most of your Tableau Conference experience. Informatica World Back Informatica World Join us at Informatica World to ignite your data strategy, unlock AI’s full potential, and lead your organization into the future. Register now Sessions Browse sessions designed to advance your AI-ready data journey, from keynotes to hands-on deep dives. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, and how to make the most of your experience. Agentforce World Tours Back Agentforce World Tours Join us in cities around the world to experience the latest Salesforce innovations in apps, data, and agents. Connect with leaders and experts from your industry at an Agentforce World Tour near you. Learn more Find an Agentforce World Tour in a city near you Browse current Agentforce World Tour events, or sign up today to be the first to know when one is coming to a city near you Agentforce World Tour New York Explore 140+ expert-led sessions, demos, and hands-on trainings featuring Dreamforce’s boldest launches. All in one day, all for free. Agentforce World Tour Chicago Experience the Dreamforce innovations that power Agentic Enterprises with expert-led sessions, demos, and hands-on trainings. All in one day, all for free. Salesforce+ Back Salesforce+ Fuel your professional growth and transform your company with our free live streaming and on-demand events. Visit Salesforce+ Watch Dreamforce On-Demand Stream the world’s largest, most trusted technology event. Agentforce and AI Join us to learn how AI agents are driving customer success. Data, Analytics, and Integration Explore data and AI demos, trainings, and release announcements. My List Save inspiring content to watch later. More Salesforce Events Back More Salesforce Events Dive into highlights from past events and explore on-demand content for every role and industry. See all events Webinars Join live webinars or listen to on-demand webinars at any time. Community Led Learn from peers, build your Salesforce network, and give back to the community. Customer Success Events Build product knowledge and get implementation and adoption guidance from Salesforce experts. Developer Events Learn and get hands-on the with the latest product innovations. Local User Groups Join groups to meet, collaborate, and learn new skills with Trailblazers. Salesforce Events Join us in person or on Salesforce+ to experience expert-led learning and groundbreaking innovation. See all events Salesforce Events Join us in person or on Salesforce+ to experience expert-led learning and groundbreaking innovation. See all events Learning Back Learning Learning on Trailhead Back Learning on Trailhead Skill up for the future from anywhere with Trailhead, our free, online learning platform. Explore Trailhead Trails Explore guided learning paths to quickly learn in-demand skills. Expert-led Learning Accelerate learning with access to Salesforce experts. Salesforce Certification Earn resume-worthy Salesforce credentials. Career Paths Find your career in the Salesforce ecosystem. Try Salesforce for Free Back Try Salesforce for Free Explore free trial offers for Salesforce data, analytics, and CRM products — for any size business, in any industry. Get started Starter Suite The marketing, sales, service, and commerce tools you need to succeed — all in a single CRM suite. Developer Edition Build enterprise-quality apps fast and get hands-on with Agentforce and Data Cloud. New to Salesforce Back New to Salesforce Salesforce is the #1 AI CRM, with AI agents, data, and CRM apps on a single, unified platform. Learn more about Salesforce What is CRM? Learn all about what CRM is, what it does, and how it can improve customer relationships. What is Customer 360? Salesforce’s category-leading apps for sales, service, marketing, commerce, IT, and more. What are AI agents? Learn more about AI agents and how they can help your business. What is Agentforce? It’s always-on digital labor augmenting every employee, department, and business process to improve customer experiences. Blogs Back Blogs Discover tips and insights from experts to supercharge your digital journey. Explore all blogs The 360 Blog Get the latest on AI, data, digital labor, and more. AI Research Blog Keep up with Salesforce’s AI research team and stay on the cutting edge of technology. Developer Blog Get the latest tooling innovation news, insights, and inspiration. Salesblazer Grow your career with the latest in sales content, training, and events — all part of the world’s leading sales community. Resources Back Resources Find free articles, guides, best practices, research, and more. Explore all resources Analyst Reports Read the latest studies and reports from the world’s best-known business analysts. Partners Explore industry-leading Salesforce partner apps and experts. Developer Documentation Get developer guides, tutorials, sample code, and API references. Newsletter Sign up to receive the latest Salesforce tips and insights, tailored just for you. Become a Trailblazer. Unlock free hands-on learning, our global community, original series, and support. Join for free Become a Trailblazer. Unlock free hands-on learning, our global community, original series, and support. Join for free Support Back Support Help & Documentation Back Help & Documentation Need help? Ask Agentforce. Find documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more – all the support you need, wherever you need it. Ask Agentforce on Salesforce Help Known Issues Find up-to-date information and status about our technology bugs and workarounds. Developer Documentation Find tutorials, sample code, developer guides, and API references. Architecture Center Explore diagrams, decision guides, and resources to build trusted, easy, and adaptable solutions. Communities Back Communities Meet people, learn skills, find apps and experts, and share feedback by joining Salesforce communities. Explore communities Trailblazer Community Connect with peers to learn skills and grow. Slack Community Connect with Slack end users, admins, and developers. MuleSoft Community Connect with MuleSoft developers, architects and business users. Tableau Community Connect with Tableau analysts, admins, developers and business users. Partner Community Collaborate, learn, and manage your partner business. IdeaExchange Help us build the Salesforce roadmap by sharing your feedback. Services & Plans Back Services & Plans Reach your goals with our customer success experts. See all services Success Plans Get the right level of support and guidance to grow your business. Professional Services Implement, innovate, and transform your enterprise with help from Salesforce experts. Account Management Back Account Management Manage your Salesforce subscriptions and contracts. Explore Your Account features. Your Account App Make payments, buy products, and manage renewals (Salesforce login required). Billing Portal Access invoices and make payments (Trailblazer ID login required). Digital Wallet Track and manage consumption with near-real time usage data. Questions? We can help. Get answers fast with Agentforce. Explore product documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more. Get started Questions? We can help. Get answers fast with Agentforce. Explore product documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more. Get started Company Back Company About Salesforce Back About Salesforce Learn about our history, products, and values. See our story What Is Salesforce? Leadership Global Offices Salesforce Swag Store Salesforce Ventures Investor Relations Our Values Back Our Values We are guided by our values and strive to do well in business while doing good in our communities. See what drives us Trust Customer success Innovation Equality Sustainability Our Impact Back Our Impact Business is the greatest platform for change. We use the full power of Salesforce to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders. Learn about our Impact initiatives Equality Accessibility Sustainability Philanthropy Ethical and Humane Use Public Policy Careers Back Careers Start a new journey with us – a career here at Salesforce. See all careers University Recruiting News Back Newsroom Stay informed with the latest news and announcements, fresh off the press. Visit the newsroom Analyst Reports Quarter in Review Legal Back Legal Find answers to your questions about Salesforce agreement terms, policies, intellectual property, corporate governance and compliance for customers, employees, partners and suppliers. See legal For Customers For Partners and Alliances For Suppliers Terms of Service TMCU Guidelines DMCA Privacy Info Compliance Product Accessibility Status Governance More Salesforce Brands Back More Salesforce Brands Explore the Salesforce brands delivering success now. See our brands Slack Tableau MuleSoft Informatica Heroku Hear our story. We believe in building relationships – not just between companies and customers, but among our global communities. Learn about us Hear our story. We believe in building relationships – not just between companies and customers, but among our global communities. Learn about us Contact Us Back Contact Us Contact Us ‍ Change Region Back Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) ‍ Contact Us Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) Change Region ‍ Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) Start for free Start for free Salesforce is seeing 33% faster meeting prep and a 10% increase in win rates thanks to Agentforce. Learn how AI Sales Agents Transform every stage of the sales cycle — from prospecting and lead engagement to pipeline management and account growth — with Agentforce. Deliver personalized, trusted interactions powered by AI in your deal data that truly understands your customers. Get started in minutes with prebuilt actions, then customize effortlessly to fit your business. Watch demos Get started See how these leading sales teams use Agentforce to accelerate growth at scale. Get started today with these prebuilt AI sales agents. Integrate our AI sales agents seamlessly with your Salesforce data. Enrich them with Data 360 for even more personalized, relevant engagement. Ensure data security and compliance with the Trust Layer while the Atlas Reasoning Engine helps agents learn, adapt, and drive smarter outcomes. Fuel your pipeline with high-value prospects, delivered 24/7. Prospecting Learn more Prioritized Prospect Lists Get fresh, qualified leads around the clock. Agentforce automatically ranks prospects using intent signals from enrichment data, giving reps a fast, focused starting point each day to prioritize their highest-value buyers. Continuous Prospect Intelligence Get deep insights on every prospect. Agentforce researches and enriches prospects across Salesforce, call recordings, the web, and any third-party data sources — surfacing the insights sellers need to act. Tailored Outreach at Scale Strike the moment interest peaks. Agentforce generates brand-aligned, personalized outreach for every prospect, helping reps win attention faster and more consistently. Prospecting Wherever You Work Take action instantly in the flow of work. Agentforce delivers prioritized lists and intent signals directly in Slack, so teams can follow up in the flow of work and keep deals moving. Convert leads with personalized, always-on conversations. Engagement Watch demo Instant Website Engagement Welcome prospects the moment they land on your site. Automatically greet visitors, create lead records, answer product questions in real time, and guide them toward the right solutions with Agentforce to help you capture interest and boost conversion without adding extra workload to your team. Personalized Lead Outreach Never miss an inbound lead. Route inbound leads to Agentforce and set clear guardrails for when and how to reach out. Use CRM and external data to craft tailored messages at scale, increasing the chances of lead engagement. Accurate, Relevant Responses Answer lead questions and handle objections by grounding every response in your trusted business data from your CRM and company content like product FAQ, case studies, and sales plays. Meeting Booking Seamlessly transition interested leads to your sales team by providing real-time calendar availability for easy meeting scheduling. Keep your pipeline accurate — automatically. Pipeline Management Watch demo Automated Opportunity Updates Manage your pipeline with automatic and consistent opportunity updates across fields like Stage and Next Steps for a clear view of where every deal stands without manual work for reps — with the power of Agentforce. Accurate Deal Info from Sales Conversations Synthesize your unstructured conversation data — like calls, meetings, emails, and seller notes — into structured, objective opportunity field updates. Suggestive or Autonomous Mode Choose the right level of AI control for your business. Automatically update opportunities in autonomous mode or review, edit, and approve updates in suggestive mode with Agentforce. Know exactly where the data came from with source context for each mode. Accelerate deals across the account lifecycle. Account Management Watch demo Embedded Account Research Populate account plans in minutes. Surface company overviews, key performance indicators, competitive insights, and industry trends with a single click. Use Agentforce to research across multiple data sources with for you, turning hours of manual prep into an instant, always-current view of every account. Always-Up-to-Date Account Intelligence Instantly bring account intelligence into your workflow. Autonomously pull together data from across Salesforce, web, third-party sources, conversations, and internal enablement materials so your account intelligence is always up to date and complete. Account Management Where You Work Get instant meeting and account briefs in Slack, ChatGPT, and mobile — all packed with company summaries, recent conversations, web updates, and service history. Equip reps to step into every call informed, confident, and ready to move the relationship forward. Give every rep a dedicated coach. Sales Coaching Watch demo Pitch Practice Ensure pitch quality and consistency across your team. Record seller pitches and receive targeted feedback to refine messaging and delivery and improve qualification and discovery. Personalized Role-Plays Don’t go into meetings cold. Engage in role-plays tailored to each deal and deal stage. Generate real-time, contextual responses, simulating real-world sales conversations with Agentforce. Objective, Consistent Feedback Improve deal outcomes with feedback based on account and opportunity data and company best practices. Apply the same standards to every role-play and pitch practice for objective, consistent feedback on key strengths and areas to improve. Create accurate quotes in seconds. Quoting Watch demo Automated Quoting Speed up deal cycles by generating quotes using natural language. Empower reps to access Agentforce directly within Salesforce or from Slack to create, update, and summarize quotes — with the agent acting under the same permissions as the employee using it. Free up valuable time so your team can focus on closing deals. Accurate Products and Pricing Quote the right products at the right price — every time. Automatically select products, apply pricing and discounts, and optimize every quote with Agentforce — all guided by your product catalog and business rules. Streamlined Amendments Make updates fast without missing a beat. Give reps the ability to ask Agentforce to adjust quote lines, add products, or apply new terms and automatically generate updated quotes and emails to keep conversations moving. Scale your partner ecosystem with real-time guidance. Partner Success Watch demo Sales Info Surfaced in Seconds Speed up deal cycles by generating quotes using natural language. Empower reps to access Agentforce directly within Salesforce or from Slack to create, update, and summarize quotes — with the agent acting under the same permissions as the employee using it. Free up valuable time so your team can focus on closing deals. Enablement Recommendations Keep partners engaged and on track by recommending business-driven enablement in the flow of conversation. Motivate partners to work current opportunities as well as grow overall partnership skills with embedded programs. On-the-Spot Partner FAQ Resolution Provide partners with always-available answers that instantly resolve questions about program incentives, tier requirements, portal access, and partnership policies, eliminating delays, creating transparency and trust with them, and keeping them focused on selling. Streamline how you work with agents. Agent and Rep Workspace Empower reps and Agentforce to work side by side to manage opportunities, with a single view that shows what AI has already handled and what’s next — keeping deals prioritized and moving forward. Easy Setup Give teams step-by-step guidance to get started — and we’re continually making setup easier. Start fast, scale as you grow, and unlock new levels of speed, connection, and growth. AI Where You Work Bring Agentforce to every touchpoint across Salesforce, Slack, and customer channels. Insights, guidance, and automation flow seamlessly, with no extra clicks. Get smarter agents, powered by unified data. Unify conversations, signals, and content from across your business to give agents the full customer and business context they need to personalize outreach, update opportunities accurately, and tailor coaching. Watch demo Conversation Data Use conversation data from calls, emails, and meetings to uncover customer intent and deal context. Help agents personalize follow-ups and keep opportunities current based on what actually happened. Customer Data Unify sales, service, marketing, and commerce data for a complete customer view. Give agents full lifecycle context to provide more relevant, consistent responses on time, every time. External and Unstructured Data Bring in external data like web engagement, product usage, and unstructured content like product FAQ with Data 360. Help agents respond more accurately and stay aligned with your brand and business. Enhance AI sales agents with products across Customer 360. Sales Cloud Max out efficiency with better automation, data, and intelligence. Learn more Sales AI Guide sellers at every step of the sales cycle with Einstein-informed intelligence built into your CRM. Learn more Sales Programs Boost seller efficiency and productivity with outcome-based enablement — all in the flow of work. Learn more Sales Engagement Accelerate sales with engagement built directly into your CRM. Learn more Revenue Cloud Automate and optimize product to cash at scale. Learn more View all products See the impact of Agentforce through the eyes of our customers. Automate Lead Engagement Scale Personalized Outreach Coach On Demand Eliminate Manual Updates Asymbl scales like a company 10x their size with Agentforce. Asymbl saves $575,000 in hiring costs, while increasing prospect engagement by 427%, with the addition of Agentforce Sales to their team. But don't just take our word for it, watch the video to see for yourself. Get the full story We’re now able to reach referring physicians when it’s most convenient for them, automatically share the benefits of our protocols and immediately provide more information as needed. We expect to sign up more providers, faster and with less manual effort. Dr. John Oberg CEO, Precina Health Our sellers now have a coach with them, at all times, helping to close deals faster and improve their sales skills. This will completely change our enablement strategy. Marcie Laderman EVP, Global Business Strategy & Ops, Salesforce Now our managers can see exactly where deals stand—no more chasing reps or updating spreadsheets. It’s all right there in Salesforce. Julien Delvecchio Director, Salesforce Operations, FourKites What’s new with Agentforce Sales? Learn about the latest innovations that help you sell more, faster. From smarter prospecting and automated research to real-time guidance and AI-powered outreach, you’ll get a quick, clear overview of what’s new. Learn more Calculate your ROI with Agentforce. See how much time and money your sales team can save working side by side with AI sales agents. Learn more Join the Salesblazer Community. Looking to meet and learn from fellow sales professionals? Our Salesblazer Community is the place for you. Sign up on Slack Start learning Hit the ground running with AI Sales Agents tips, tricks, and best practices. Resources Discover Agentforce Sales Resources to Get Started Fast. Learn more Guide How to Launch Agentforce Sales in 30 Minutes or Less Get the guide Lookbook How Leading Companies Use Agentforce Sales Read now Webinar How Salesforce Is Using Agentforce Sales Watch now Report Explore the latest trends in “State of Sales” Get the report See all resources Take the next step with us Start your trial. Try Sales Cloud free for 30 days. No credit card, no installations. Try for free Talk to an expert. Tell us a bit more so the right person can reach out faster. Request a call Stay up to date. Get the latest research, industry insights, and product news delivered straight to your inbox. Sign up for newsletter AI Sales Agent FAQ Overview Common Questions What is an AI sales agent? An AI sales agent uses advanced artificial intelligence to understand and respond to inquiries, then take action without human intervention. Who uses AI sales agents? AI sales agents are used by sales teams to handle repetitive tasks, like lead qualification, follow-ups, scheduling, and sales coaching . They work to save time, scale outreach, improve quota attainment, and increase customer engagement . Sales is about relationship building, so teams benefit from agents handling repetitive tasks so they can focus more on connecting with customers. What do AI sales agents do? AI sales agents use artificial intelligence to automate and improve the sales process by handling tasks like finding new customers, answering questions, scheduling meetings, and sending follow-up emails, all while operating around the clock. What are the key features of an effective AI sales agent? An effective AI sales agent includes features like predictive lead scoring to qualify leads and automated outreach to engage them. It is built into your CRM and connects with your data to enable real-time analytics, AI-powered coaching, and personalized close plans. What is the different between AI sales agents and chatbots? Chatbots are one way of conversing with AI. Before generative AI stormed the scene, chatbots relied on scripts without much personalization, creating clunky and sometimes laughable user experiences. With generative AI, chatbots became a lot more adaptable, with many businesses using them to deflect customer service queries. AI sales agents are several levels more advanced. They’re proactive, autonomous applications that execute complex tasks, escalate issues, and rely on business-specific data to augment sales teams. Some interfaces of AI sales agents are similar to chatbots — role-playing with an AI sales coach, for example — but much of what these agents accomplish is more sophisticated, personalized, and relevant to the moment or circumstance. What is the best AI sales agent? As trust and security are major concerns for businesses relying on AI , it’s important to use tools grounded in trusted data sources. While several companies have developed or are developing agents to assist with sales tasks, Agentforce Agents (developed by Salesforce) have a distinct advantage: They are built right into the Salesforce CRM , Data 360 , and the Einstein Trust Layer. Unsecured tools can result in loss of privacy, misuse of data, and inaccurate agent outputs. Will AI sales agents replace human sales agents? One of the most commonly cited anxieties around AI is its potential to replace humans and affect jobs. Here’s the thing: Selling will always involve real relationships between real people. But the deal-long engagement between salespeople and their customers is full of touchpoints that don’t actually require a lot of human oversight. In the past, there was no choice; following up, scheduling, populating CRM data, and coaching were all part and parcel of working in sales. AI sales agents are taking on the most time-consuming tasks with less human intervention. How much do AI sales agents cost? The cost of AI sales agents varies based on business needs, the number of conversations they’re having, and the level of integration with business data. Agents are flexible and scalable, and give teams the ability to adjust usage based on sales pipeline needs while helping teams offset the costs of training, coaching, and hiring new reps. Can an AI sales agent handle customer inquiries 24/7? Yes, a primary benefit of an AI sales agent is its ability to operate around the clock, engaging with leads and answering customer questions at any time. Can AI sales agents be trusted? Generally, yes, when sales agents are integrated with secure platforms and data. Agentforce , for example, is built on the Einstein Trust Layer, ensuring data security and adherence to business protocols when handling tasks. AI sales agents built with Agentforce rely on trusted business data to ensure accuracy and security. Can I create my own sales AI agent? Yes, you can create your own sales AI agent. However, we recommend using a trusted platform like Agentforce instead of do-it-yourself AI. Agentforce lets you create customizable AI agents with a drag-and-drop interface to design workflows and automate repetitve tasks. How does an AI sales agent help with lead qualification? AI sales agents analyze data from various sources to score leads, using predictive algorithms to assess conversion likelihood and help sales teams prioritize high-potential prospects. Writers drafted these FAQs with the help of AI.
