Source URL: https://www.salesforce.com/products/
Title: Complete Salesforce Products &amp; Software Suite | Salesforce
Fetched at (unix): 1777038689

Complete Salesforce Products & Software Suite | Salesforce Skip to content Products Back Products All Products Agentforce Back Agentforce Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore Agentforce How Agentforce works Why Agentforce? Agentforce Builder Agentforce Voice Agentforce Dev Tools AgentExchange Agentforce Supply Chain Customer Stories Use Cases Agentforce Pricing Sales Back Sales Boost pipeline, win rate, and revenue with Sales Cloud. See all sales solutions Sales Force Automation Sales AI Sales Agents Sales Performance Management Partner Cloud Revenue Lifecycle Management CPQ Sales Pricing Service Back Service Cut service costs with humans & AI agents on one platform. See all service solutions Customer Service Management Field Service and Operations Contact Center IT Service Service Portal Service Analytics Customer Service AI HR Service Service Pricing Marketing Back Marketing Personalize every moment of engagement across the customer lifecycle with AI agents, actionable data, and workflows. See all marketing solutions Marketing AI Email Marketing, Mobile, & Advertising B2B Marketing Automation Personalization Marketing Analytics Customer Data Platform Loyalty Management Small Business Marketing Marketing Pricing Commerce Back Commerce Increase revenue and deliver consistent customer experiences across online, in-store, and mobile channels with Commerce Cloud. See all commerce solutions B2C Commerce B2B Commerce Order Management Commerce AI Payments Commerce Innovations Point of Sale Commerce Pricing Analytics Back Analytics Empower every user, in every industry to transform trusted data into actionable insights, wherever they work. Explore analytics solutions Tableau Next Tableau Semantics Tableau CRM Analytics Data Culture Analytics Pricing Slack Back Slack Bring your people, agents data, apps and Salesforce solutions to where work happens in Slack. Learn about Slack and Salesforce AI-Powered Productivity Slackbot Slack Platform Salesforce in Slack Agentforce in Slack Salesforce channels Pricing CRM Small Business Back Small Business Find more customers, win their business, and keep them happy with tools that help you work smarter, not harder. Explore small business solutions Free Suite Starter Suite Pro Suite Marketing Sales Service Commerce Productivity with Slack Small Business Pricing Data Back Data Bring together, understand, and act on all your data, from any source. Explore Data 360 How Data 360 Works How Connectivity Works Data Security & Privacy Connectors Directory Analytics Platform Back Agentforce 360 Platform Build and customize your Agentforce and Customer 360 with the Agentforce 360 Platform. See all platform capabilities Agentforce Artificial Intelligence Agentforce & AI App Development Data Security & Privacy Informatica Analytics MuleSoft Flow Automation Heroku Net Zero Back Net Zero Sustainability, simplified with Agentforce. See all Net Zero solutions Agentforce for Net Zero Cloud Net Zero Cloud Net Zero Marketplace Net Zero Pricing Customer Success Back Customer Success Reach your goals with our customer success experts. See all services Success Plans Professional Services Plans & Services Pricing Partner Apps & Experts Back Partner Apps & Experts Get the most out of Salesforce with partners, agents, apps, and consultants. About our partners AgentExchange Partner Apps Consultants Become a Partner Pricing Back Pricing Find pricing options for each Salesforce product. See all product pricing Flex Credit Calculator Enter your company’s specific needs and receive custom pricing details. Product Support Discover the #1 AI CRM Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore the Salesforce portfolio Discover the #1 AI CRM Humans with Agents drive customer success together. Explore the Salesforce portfolio Industries Back Industries Automotive Back Automotive Drive a lifetime of loyalty. Explore automotive solutions OEM Dealer/Retailers Captive Software-Defined Vehicle (SDV) Automotive Cloud Automotive Pricing Communications Back Communications Deliver the connected future, faster. Explore communications solutions Unify the Telecom Customer Journey Accelerate Communication Sales Simplify Wholesale Transactions Light Up Fiber Experiences Fulfill the Perfect Order Optimize Telecom Customer Service Communications Cloud Communications Cloud Pricing Construction & Real Estate Back Engineering, Construction & Real Estate Achieve operational excellence. Explore engineering, construction, and real estate solutions Real Estate Engineering & Construction Residential & Commercial Services Consumer Goods Back Consumer Goods Deliver profitable growth. Explore consumer goods solutions Fast-Moving Consumer Goods Home Durables Distributors Apparel, Footwear, and Accessories Beauty Consumer Goods Cloud Consumer Goods Cloud Pricing Education Back Education Deliver connected education journeys for life on the #1 AI CRM.​ Explore education solutions Recruitment & Admissions Academic Operations Student Success Advancement & Alumni Relations Communications, Marketing, and Engagement Lifelong Learning K-12 Education Cloud Education Cloud Pricing Energy & Utilities Back Energy & Utilities Lead the energy transition. Explore energy & utilities solutions Power & Utilities Oil & Gas Energy & Utilities Cloud Energy & Utilities Cloud Pricing Financial Services Back Financial Services Empower your customers’ financial success with trusted AI. Explore financial services solutions Agentforce for Financial Services Financial Services Cloud Financial Services Cloud Pricing Healthcare Back Healthcare Accelerate outcomes with Agentforce 360 for Health. Explore healthcare solutions Provider Payer Public Sector Health Health Cloud Health Cloud Pricing Life Sciences Back Life Sciences Improve clinical and commercial outcomes with Agentforce 360 for Life Sciences. Explore life sciences solutions Pharma MedTech Life Sciences Cloud Life Sciences Cloud Pricing Manufacturing Back Manufacturing Connect the value chain. Explore manufacturing solutions Modernize Commercial Operations Transform the Service Experience Simplify Partner Engagement Manufacturing Cloud Manufacturing Cloud Pricing Media Back Media Cultivate loyal audiences faster. Explore media solutions Accelerate Advertising Sales Automate Media and Entertainment Processes Grow Subscriber Relationships Maximize Audience Engagement Streamline Production and Operations Media Cloud Media Cloud Pricing Nonprofit Back Nonprofit Build relationships that drive change. Explore nonprofit solutions Fundraising Marketing and Engagement Program and Outcome Management IT Operations for Nonprofit Grantmaking Volunteer Management Nonprofit Cloud Nonprofit Cloud Pricing Professional Services Back Professional Services Increase client trust. Explore professional services solutions Accounting, Tax, and Audit Consulting Staffing and Recruiting Legal Public Sector Back Public Sector Modernize government service. Explore public sector solutions Federal/National State and Local Defense and National Security Government Cloud Public Sector Solutions Government Cloud Pricing Public Sector Apps Pricing Retail Back Retail Smarter retail starts with Salesforce. Explore retail solutions Fashion Restaurants Grocery, Drug, and Convenience Stores Mass Merchants and Department Stores Technology Back Technology Drive cost-efficient growth with intelligent automated processes. Explore technology solutions Unlock Partner Growth Drive Recurring Revenue Travel, Transportation & Hospitality Back Travel, Transportation & Hospitality Deliver connected experiences. Explore travel, transportation, and hospitality experiences Travel Transportation and Logistics Hospitality See all industries Explore Salesforce for industries. Get industry-specific innovations that modernize your business, save time, and lower costs. See all industries Explore Salesforce for industries. Get industry-specific innovations that modernize your business, save time, and lower costs. See all industries Customers Back Customers Customer Stories Back Customer Stories Explore success stories from customers of all sizes, in every industry. See all stories Tableau Stories MuleSoft Stories Slack Stories Heroku Stories Salesforce on Salesforce Stories Back Salesforce on Salesforce Stories Explore success stories of how Salesforce uses our own technology to run every part of our business. See all stories Trailblazer Stories Back Trailblazer Stories Meet the innovators driving business impact and building successful careers with Salesforce. See all stories Trailblazer Series Trailblazer 360 Blog Be a Trailblazer Explore success stories. See how our customers transform their businesses with CRM + AI + Data + Trust. See all stories Explore success stories. See how our customers transform their businesses with CRM + AI + Data + Trust. See all stories Events Back Events Dreamforce Back Dreamforce Join us September 15-17 in San Francisco and on Salesforce+ to experience the Agentic Enterprise — powered by you, amplified by agents. Register now Why Dreamforce Hear from AI visionaries, learn through hands-on training, and explore real customer use cases — all in one place. Sessions Explore 1,600+ sessions covering every industry, role, and product, designed to help you solve any business challenge. FAQs Find answers to all your event questions about registration, travel, and onsite tips. TDX Back TDX Relive the innovation and inspiration of TDX 2026 with on-demand keynotes, sessions, and highlights available anytime on Salesforce+. Learn more Save the date for TDX 2027 Sign up today for an exclusive low price, speaker announcements, and a sneak peek at the deep technical sessions and hands-on workshops. TDX 2026 Main Keynote Discover how to build your Agentic Enterprise with Salesforce and unlock the power of humans and agents driving customer success together. Best of TDX 2026 Explore the biggest announcements, launches, and innovations from TDX 2026. Connections Back Connections Join us at the marketing event of the year, where bold marketers and breakthrough agents come together to drive big impact. Register now Why Attend Discover how Connections helps you lead with experiences that adapt to every customer, and gives you the tools to become an Agentic Enterprise. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, accessibility, and how to make the most of your Connections experience. Tableau Conference Back Tableau Conference Join us at the data and analytics event of the year, where AI, analytics, and trusted data come together to power better decisions. Register now Why Attend Discover how Tableau Conference helps you turn data into action. Learn what’s new, sharpen your skills, and connect with the global Tableau community shaping the future of analytics. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, accessibility, and how to make the most of your Tableau Conference experience. Informatica World Back Informatica World Join us at Informatica World to ignite your data strategy, unlock AI’s full potential, and lead your organization into the future. Register now Sessions Browse sessions designed to advance your AI-ready data journey, from keynotes to hands-on deep dives. FAQ Find answers to your questions about registration, pricing, travel, and how to make the most of your experience. Agentforce World Tours Back Agentforce World Tours Join us in cities around the world to experience the latest Salesforce innovations in apps, data, and agents. Connect with leaders and experts from your industry at an Agentforce World Tour near you. Learn more Find an Agentforce World Tour in a city near you Browse current Agentforce World Tour events, or sign up today to be the first to know when one is coming to a city near you Agentforce World Tour New York Explore 140+ expert-led sessions, demos, and hands-on trainings featuring Dreamforce’s boldest launches. All in one day, all for free. Agentforce World Tour Chicago Experience the Dreamforce innovations that power Agentic Enterprises with expert-led sessions, demos, and hands-on trainings. All in one day, all for free. Salesforce+ Back Salesforce+ Fuel your professional growth and transform your company with our free live streaming and on-demand events. Visit Salesforce+ Watch Dreamforce On-Demand Stream the world’s largest, most trusted technology event. Agentforce and AI Join us to learn how AI agents are driving customer success. Data, Analytics, and Integration Explore data and AI demos, trainings, and release announcements. My List Save inspiring content to watch later. More Salesforce Events Back More Salesforce Events Dive into highlights from past events and explore on-demand content for every role and industry. See all events Webinars Join live webinars or listen to on-demand webinars at any time. Community Led Learn from peers, build your Salesforce network, and give back to the community. Customer Success Events Build product knowledge and get implementation and adoption guidance from Salesforce experts. Developer Events Learn and get hands-on the with the latest product innovations. Local User Groups Join groups to meet, collaborate, and learn new skills with Trailblazers. Salesforce Events Join us in person or on Salesforce+ to experience expert-led learning and groundbreaking innovation. See all events Salesforce Events Join us in person or on Salesforce+ to experience expert-led learning and groundbreaking innovation. See all events Learning Back Learning Learning on Trailhead Back Learning on Trailhead Skill up for the future from anywhere with Trailhead, our free, online learning platform. Explore Trailhead Trails Explore guided learning paths to quickly learn in-demand skills. Expert-led Learning Accelerate learning with access to Salesforce experts. Salesforce Certification Earn resume-worthy Salesforce credentials. Career Paths Find your career in the Salesforce ecosystem. Try Salesforce for Free Back Try Salesforce for Free Explore free trial offers for Salesforce data, analytics, and CRM products — for any size business, in any industry. Get started Starter Suite The marketing, sales, service, and commerce tools you need to succeed — all in a single CRM suite. Developer Edition Build enterprise-quality apps fast and get hands-on with Agentforce and Data Cloud. New to Salesforce Back New to Salesforce Salesforce is the #1 AI CRM, with AI agents, data, and CRM apps on a single, unified platform. Learn more about Salesforce What is CRM? Learn all about what CRM is, what it does, and how it can improve customer relationships. What is Customer 360? Salesforce’s category-leading apps for sales, service, marketing, commerce, IT, and more. What are AI agents? Learn more about AI agents and how they can help your business. What is Agentforce? It’s always-on digital labor augmenting every employee, department, and business process to improve customer experiences. Blogs Back Blogs Discover tips and insights from experts to supercharge your digital journey. Explore all blogs The 360 Blog Get the latest on AI, data, digital labor, and more. AI Research Blog Keep up with Salesforce’s AI research team and stay on the cutting edge of technology. Developer Blog Get the latest tooling innovation news, insights, and inspiration. Salesblazer Grow your career with the latest in sales content, training, and events — all part of the world’s leading sales community. Resources Back Resources Find free articles, guides, best practices, research, and more. Explore all resources Analyst Reports Read the latest studies and reports from the world’s best-known business analysts. Partners Explore industry-leading Salesforce partner apps and experts. Developer Documentation Get developer guides, tutorials, sample code, and API references. Newsletter Sign up to receive the latest Salesforce tips and insights, tailored just for you. Become a Trailblazer. Unlock free hands-on learning, our global community, original series, and support. Join for free Become a Trailblazer. Unlock free hands-on learning, our global community, original series, and support. Join for free Support Back Support Help & Documentation Back Help & Documentation Need help? Ask Agentforce. Find documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more – all the support you need, wherever you need it. Ask Agentforce on Salesforce Help Known Issues Find up-to-date information and status about our technology bugs and workarounds. Developer Documentation Find tutorials, sample code, developer guides, and API references. Architecture Center Explore diagrams, decision guides, and resources to build trusted, easy, and adaptable solutions. Communities Back Communities Meet people, learn skills, find apps and experts, and share feedback by joining Salesforce communities. Explore communities Trailblazer Community Connect with peers to learn skills and grow. Slack Community Connect with Slack end users, admins, and developers. MuleSoft Community Connect with MuleSoft developers, architects and business users. Tableau Community Connect with Tableau analysts, admins, developers and business users. Partner Community Collaborate, learn, and manage your partner business. IdeaExchange Help us build the Salesforce roadmap by sharing your feedback. Services & Plans Back Services & Plans Reach your goals with our customer success experts. See all services Success Plans Get the right level of support and guidance to grow your business. Professional Services Implement, innovate, and transform your enterprise with help from Salesforce experts. Account Management Back Account Management Manage your Salesforce subscriptions and contracts. Explore Your Account features. Your Account App Make payments, buy products, and manage renewals (Salesforce login required). Billing Portal Access invoices and make payments (Trailblazer ID login required). Digital Wallet Track and manage consumption with near-real time usage data. Questions? We can help. Get answers fast with Agentforce. Explore product documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more. Get started Questions? We can help. Get answers fast with Agentforce. Explore product documentation, access learning resources, log cases, and more. Get started Company Back Company About Salesforce Back About Salesforce Learn about our history, products, and values. See our story What Is Salesforce? Leadership Global Offices Salesforce Swag Store Salesforce Ventures Investor Relations Our Values Back Our Values We are guided by our values and strive to do well in business while doing good in our communities. See what drives us Trust Customer success Innovation Equality Sustainability Our Impact Back Our Impact Business is the greatest platform for change. We use the full power of Salesforce to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders. Learn about our Impact initiatives Equality Accessibility Sustainability Philanthropy Ethical and Humane Use Public Policy Careers Back Careers Start a new journey with us – a career here at Salesforce. See all careers University Recruiting News Back Newsroom Stay informed with the latest news and announcements, fresh off the press. Visit the newsroom Analyst Reports Quarter in Review Legal Back Legal Find answers to your questions about Salesforce agreement terms, policies, intellectual property, corporate governance and compliance for customers, employees, partners and suppliers. See legal For Customers For Partners and Alliances For Suppliers Terms of Service TMCU Guidelines DMCA Privacy Info Compliance Product Accessibility Status Governance More Salesforce Brands Back More Salesforce Brands Explore the Salesforce brands delivering success now. See our brands Slack Tableau MuleSoft Informatica Heroku Hear our story. We believe in building relationships – not just between companies and customers, but among our global communities. Learn about us Hear our story. We believe in building relationships – not just between companies and customers, but among our global communities. Learn about us Contact Us Back Contact Us Contact Us ‍ Change Region Back Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) ‍ Contact Us Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) Change Region ‍ Change Region Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia & New Zealand (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) Start for free Start for free The only AI platform built on 25+ years of customer success Every agent you deploy on Salesforce runs on your data, your workflows, and your customer history — not standalone AI. Bring together humans, agents, apps, and data on one platform, so agents don’t sit on top of your business. They work alongside your people. Take guided tour Jump to products Salesforce delivers value fast for companies of all sizes Emerging Businesses Enterprise Businesses Explore success stories from market pioneers. Explore all stories See how we help leading enterprises succeed. Explore all stories Meet Agentforce 360. A single, open platform for the Agentic Enterprise. System of Engagement Give employees one place to coordinate with agents Slack is where humans ask questions and agents take action. And with Slackbot, everyone gets a personal AI assistant that knows your company’s data, policies, and history. Dive into Slack Watch demo System of Agency Build, deploy, and govern enterprise-grade agents with confidence Create agents your way — with clicks, code, or both. Then deploy with confidence: Agentforce gives IT the security controls, monitoring, and management tools to scale AI across your entire organization. Build with Agentforce Watch demo System of Work Where teams work, agents work too — closing deals, resolving cases, driving revenue Customer 360 apps help agents and humans drive end-to-end value for every line of business — front office and back — from sales, service, and marketing to supply chain, finance, and operations. Discover Customer 360 Take guided tour System of Context Turn fragmented data into trusted context for humans and agents With Data 360 and Informatica , data from across systems is unified with Zero Copy integration — eliminating data silos and ensuring every decision is grounded in real-time context. Explore Data 360 Watch demo All Salesforce products. One deeply unified platform. Watch product demos Agentforce Data 360 Agentforce 360 Platform Agentforce Sales Agentforce Revenue Operations Agentforce Service Agentforce Field Service Agentforce Marketing Agentforce Commerce Tableau MuleSoft Slack Net Zero Cloud Small Business Partners Customer Success Heroku Voted #1 Best Software Company on G2 Thank you for ranking us the #1 Grid® leader in 211 categories, with 93,075 reviews and an average 4.4-star rating. Learn more Get started with an all-in-one CRM Connect marketing, sales, service, and commerce on one platform and boost collaboration in Slack with an easy-to-use suite that adapts to your needs. Start for free Get started with the all-in-one CRM for small businesses. Grow faster with the #1 AI CRM designed for small businesses in any industry. Connect marketing, sales, service, and commerce on one platform and boost collaboration in Slack with an easy-to-use suite that adapts to your needs. Try Starter Suite for free Frequently asked questions What is digital labor? Digital labor refers to technologies (such as AI automation and AI agents) that mimic human decision-making and cognitive abilities. It powers everything from lead nurturing to 24/7 customer support to campaign generation — extending human capacity at speeds and scales no human-only workforce can match. What is an Agentic Enterprise and what does it mean for my business? An Agentic Enterprise is a company where humans and AI agents collaborate seamlessly. Employees are enhanced by digital labor to boost productivity, unlock insights, drive results, and strengthen every customer relationship through trusted, data-driven experiences. This requires a deeply unified platform to deliver efficiencies that scale and customer success that lasts. What is the agentic era? The agentic era is a turning point in how work gets done. For the first time, AI doesn’t just respond to queries or perform simple repetitive tasks — it’s evolved to reason, adapt, and handle cognitive work once reserved for people. Employees gain digital partners that think, learn, and act alongside them — driving faster decisions, more personalized customer experiences, and productivity at a scale a human-only workforce could never achieve. How can my business become an Agentic Enterprise? Becoming an Agentic Enterprise starts with a clear vision and team alignment around your goals. From there, identify your initial high-impact use cases, transform your existing processes for humans and agents to work together, and build a trusted, unified data foundation that provides a single source of truth for every decision. By doing so, you can achieve the “dual dividend” of delighting customers and ensuring employee success. Additionally, it’s important to look towards the future by preparing for advanced multi-agent environments, robotics, and enterprise general intelligence (EGI). Learn how to get started in our step-by-step guide here . What is an AI agent? An AI agent is an intelligent reasoning application that can use data and large language models to conduct planning, task execution, and conversations. An agent takes action based on a trigger, which can be changes in data, conversations, and scheduled automations. It then uses that trigger to determine a plan of action. The plan of action is determined by the predefined topics assigned to an agent. A topic is a job to be done, complete with the instructions and set of actions the agent can execute to achieve that goal. The agent then reasons through the query, selects a relevant topic, selects the action to take, and gathers the data required to execute. Agentforce is the platform where IT teams can define the following parameters for their AI agents. Is Customer 360 a product? Customer 360 is not one specific product; it’s an end state we help our customers achieve by using the breadth of our portfolio. We offer apps for virtually every team within your organization, which means everyone — your employees and AI agents — can take action on a 360-degree view and is united around the customer to manage and grow customer relationships. How does Salesforce create a 360-degree view of my customer if our data is living in silos and disparate systems? Disconnected data is a top barrier to great customer and employee experiences. Too often it sits in disconnected silos, cut off from the trusted source of truth your organization needs. The answer is Data 360 , which unifies all your data from any source into a comprehensive, trusted view of your business. MuleSoft , the world’s #1 integration and API platform, connects data from anywhere (yes, even mainframes) so you can unite all your islands of data to get a complete view of your customers and business. And with our Zero Copy Partner Network , organizations can easily connect and use all their data within the Agentforce 360 Platform without needing to move or copy data between platforms. Once your data is unified, Tableau helps to explore data, uncover patterns, and act on insights across your business. Together, our data solutions give employees and agents governed real-time intelligence — ensuring they only access the data they’re authorized to use — while still enabling more personalized experiences at every touchpoint. What is Agentforce? Agentforce is Salesforce’s groundbreaking suite of customizable agents and tools, deeply integrated with the Agentforce 360 Platform that helps companies build, customize, and deploy autonomous agents to support employees and customers. With Agentforce, you can get out-of-the-box templates for quickly building and customizing AI agents that meet specific business requirements. These agents can also be personalized using familiar Salesforce tools, including prompt templates, Flows, and Apex. Agents are able to carry out business tasks using a company’s CRM data, external data, and metadata while adhering to strict privacy and security guidelines and action guardrails. Because these agents are completely integrated with your Customer 360 apps across sales, service, marketing, commerce, and more, they can seamlessly hand off to employees right in the flow of work. You can collaborate with your agents as a true extension of your team in any Salesforce app, partner app, or custom app you build. I’m just looking to get started with CRM and don’t think I need AI solutions yet. Is Salesforce right for me? Yes. Our CRM apps are designed to meet you exactly where you are today and help you embrace the latest technologies. Some organizations may just need one of our market-leading CRM solutions to support a single department or business goal, while others may benefit from connecting more of their teams and data on an AI-powered CRM platform to manage customer relationships more holistically. How do I know Salesforce can deliver results for my business? We’re proud of the results our customers see with Salesforce. But you don’t have to take our word for it. A customer survey completed in August 2025 revealed 97% of our customers achieved positive ROI with Salesforce and 98% were satisfied with Salesforce. On average, customers report a 34% faster response to customers, 33% faster decision-making, 33% faster collaboration, and 34% increase in employee productivity, among other metrics, across their entire Salesforce implementation. Read our customer success stories to learn more about the value Salesforce provides. How is Salesforce priced? We offer a variety of pricing options for our customers, including: Starter Suite, Pro Suite, or Foundation Suites: When you select a suite, you get a bundle of some of our most popular features in one package to create a Customer 360 out of the box across sales, service, marketing, commerce, and Data 360. Starter Suite is great for startups, whereas Foundations provides a more robust set of features for more established businesses. Add-ons: Each add-on you select helps you customize your CRM solution to get exactly what your organization needs. We offer add-ons with different tiers of functionality, which is similar to how our editions have varying levels of functionality for most products. To learn more, please visit the Salesforce Product Pricing page. Is AI included in all Salesforce apps and solutions? Customers must purchase product-specific add-ons to take advantage of Agentforce and other generative AI capabilities embedded within Salesforce clouds. However, many predictive AI features are offered as add-ons to our standard cloud editions. Get in touch with our sales team to learn more. Does Salesforce integrate with other applications? How? Salesforce CRM apps are deeply integrated, as they operate from one core platform with one metadata framework that creates a common language across apps. This means you can customize something in one app — for example, a custom object specific to your business like a “pet name” for an animal hospital or a “vehicle” for a car dealership — and that same customization can appear across every other app, automatically. In addition, Salesforce is open to external apps and technologies by design, because we never want to box our customers into solutions. Our platform is built to provide a seamless back-end experience with any external partner, model, data store, or productivity suite you currently use. We also operate a robust SaaS marketplace, AgentExchange, where partners build custom apps to extend your use of Salesforce. You can also integrate any system with Salesforce thanks to MuleSoft, the world’s #1 integration and API platform owned and operated by Salesforce. With the MuleSoft Anypoint Platform™, you can connect any system, application, data, and device to unleash the full power of the #1 AI CRM. And we know how important unified data is to trusted AI, so we make it easy to bring in any external data to Salesforce with our Zero Copy Partner Network . Zero copy enables organizations to easily connect and use all of their data within the Agentforce 360 Platform without needing to move or copy data between platforms. Learn more about zero copy here . How are Salesforce AI solutions different from public generative AI models? Public generative AI models can do amazing things, but the model learns from everything you enter into your prompts. That’s why enterprise AI is different — you certainly can’t have public models learning from your sensitive customer data. Salesforce helps you harness AI to deliver impactful customer experiences across your business with data privacy and security built in. Our Einstein Trust Layer prevents sensitive data from leaving the Salesforce trust boundary, so you can use AI in every app, across every user, and in every workflow across your CRM with confidence. Learn more about how Salesforce AI delivers trusted, extensible AI grounded in the fabric of our Agentforce 360 Platform . Where can I learn more about Salesforce products? If you haven’t already, be sure to watch our latest demos of Salesforce in action. Continue learning about all the incredible solutions that help companies become an Agentic Enterprise by exploring the product pages of our website.
